[Song 1: Niggas in Paris]
507 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусский (Russian)PortuguêsItalianoFrançaisSvenskaEspañolNiggas in Paris LyricsKanye West, XXL Magazine, October 2010:
I am where art meets commercial. The sweet spot between the hood and Hollywood. Having a conversation with Karl Lagerfeld and Jay-Z within the same hour. When we’re in… Read More 
We're gonna skate to one song, one song only
Ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
So I ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
But first niggas gotta find me
What's fifty grand to a motherfucker like me? Can you please remind me?
(Ball so hard) This shit crazy
Y'all don't know that don't shit faze me
The Nets could go 0 for 82
And I'd look at you like this shit gravy
(Ball so hard) This shit weird
We ain't even 'posed to be here
(Ball so hard) Since we here
It's only right that we'd be fair
Psycho, I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
(Ball so hard) Got a broke clock
Rollies that don't tick-tock
Audemars that's losing time
Hidden behind all these big rocks
(B-ball so hard) I'm shocked too
I'm supposed to be locked up too
You escaped what I escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
(B-ball so hard) Let's get faded
Le Meurice for like six days
Gold bottles, scold models
Spillin' Ace on my sick J's
(Ball so hard) Bitch, behave
Just might let you meet Ye
Chi-Town's D. Rose
I'm moving the Nets, BK

Ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray
B-ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray

She said, "Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball"
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain't it, Jay?
(B-ball so hard) What she order, fish fillet?
(B-ball so hard) Your whip so cold, this old thing?
(Ball so hard) Act like you'll ever be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand
Fuck that bitch, she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French, but I'm in France, haha, I'm just sayin'
Prince Williams ain't do it right, if you ask me
'Cause I was him, I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci, my nigga? What's Louis, my killer?
What's drugs, my dealer? What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest 'cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh
I don't even know what that means
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative
No, it's not, it's gross
Gets the people going

Ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
B-ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me

You are now watching the throne
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin'
Actin' like the summer ain't mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home)
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm 'bout to kill it
How you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone
(I'm definitely in my zone)

[Song 2: Holy Grail]
327 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisHoly Grail LyricsThe first track released from Magna Carta… Holy Grail deals with the love/hate affair that Jay Z and Justin Timberlake have with fame.
As part of what Hov dubs the #newrules, Samsung users were able to… Read More 
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you (Yeah)
You'd steal the food right out my mouth and I'd watch you eat it
I still don't know why (Yeah)
Why I love it so much (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
Oh (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
You curse my name in spite to put me to shame (Yeah)
Hang my laundry in the streets, dirty or clean, give it up for fame (Yeah)
But I still don't know why (Don't know why)
Why I love it so much (Thanks for warning me; yeah, yeah)
Yeah (Thanks for warning me; yeah, yeah)

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold
One day, you're here (Yeah), one day, you're there (Yeah)
One day, you care (Yeah), you're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over (Uh, uh; yeah)
Holy Grail
Uh, Blue told me remind you niggas, uh
Fuck that shit y'all talkin' 'bout, I'm the nigga, uh (Yeah)
Caught up in all these lights and cameras, uh
But look what that shit did to Hammer (Yeah), uh
Goddamn it, I like it
Bright lights is enticin'
But look what it did to Tyson
All that money in one night
Thirty mil' for one fight
But soon as all that money blows
All the pigeons take flight
Fuck the fame, keep cheatin' on me
What I do? I took her back
Fool me twice, that's my bad
I can't even blame her for that
Enough to make me wanna murder
Momma, please just get my bail
I know nobody to blame
Kurt Cobain, I did it to myself, uh

And we all just entertainers
And we're stupid and contagious (Yeah)
No, we all just entertaine—

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold
One day, you're here, one day, you're there
One day, you care, you're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail (Yeah)
Now I got tattoos on my body
Psycho bitches in my lobby
I got haters in the paper
Photo shoots with paparazzi (Yeah)
Can't even take my daughter for a walk
See 'em by the corner store
I feel like I'm cornered off
Enough is enough, I'm callin' this off (Yeah)
Who the fuck I'm kiddin' though?
I'm gettin' high, sittin' low
Slidin' by in that big body
Curtains all in my window (Yeah)
This fame hurt, but this chain worse
I think back you asked the same person
If this is all you had to deal with
Nigga, deal with, this shit ain't work
This light work, camera snappin', my eyes hurt
Niggas dyin' back where I was birthed
Fuck your iris and the IRS (Yeah)
Get the hell up off your high horse
You got the shit that niggas die for, dry yours
Why you mad? Take the good with the bad
Or throw the baby out with that bath water

You're still alive, still that nigga
Nigga, you survived, still gettin' bigger
Nigga, livin' the life, vanilla wafers in a villa
Illest nigga alive, Michael Jackson's Thriller

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
(Uh, uh, uh, uh)
I just can't crack your code (Uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh)
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
One day, you're here, one day, you're there
One day, you care, you're so unfair (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail (Yeah)

You get the air out my lungs whenever you need it (Yeah)
And you take the blade right out my heart
Just so you can watch me bleed (Yeah)
And I still don't know why (Don't know why)
Why I love you so much (Yeah, thanks for warning me)
Yeah (Thanks for warning me)
(Yeah) And you play this game in spite to drive me insane (Yeah)
I got it tattooed on my sleeve forever in ink
With guess whose name?
But I still don't know why (Yeah, don't know why)
Why our love is so much (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
Yeah (Thanks for warning me; yeah)

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
(Uh, uh, uh, uh)
I just can't crack your code (Uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh)
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
One day, you're here, one day, you're there
One day, you care, you're so unfair (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail (Yeah)

Ooh-ooh-ooh
(Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy grail, yeah)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
(Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy grail, yeah)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
(Holy, holy, holy)
Don't know why

[Song 3: Empire State of Mind]
287 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусский (Russian)PortuguêsDeutschEmpire State of Mind LyricsThe Blueprint 3’s third single is a love song to Jay-Z and Alicia Keys' home city of New York, which is also known as “the Empire State.” The title alludes to the Billy Joel ballad, “New York State of Mind,”… Read More 
Yeah

Yeah, I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to De Niro, but I'll be hood forever
I'm the new Sinatra, and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yeah, they love me everywhere
I used to cop in Harlem, hola, my Dominicanos (Dímelo)
Right there up on Broadway, brought me back to that McDonald's
Took it to my stash spot, 560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen, like a Simmons whippin' pastry
Cruisin' down 8th Street, off-white Lexus
Drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas
Me? I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me
Say "What up?" to Ty Ty, still sippin' Mai Tais
Sittin' courtside, Knicks and Nets give me high fives
Nigga, I be spiked out (Come on), I could trip a referee (Come on)
Tell by my attitude (Come on) that I'm most definitely from

In New York (Ayy, uh, yeah; aha)
Concrete jungle (Yeah) where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Yeah, okay)
Now you're in New York (Aha, aha, aha; uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new (New)
Big lights will inspire you (Come on, okay)
Let's hear it for New York (You welcome, OG; uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh, I made you hot, nigga)

Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can
You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though
But I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though
Welcome to the meltin' pot, corners where we sellin' rock
Afrika Bambaataa shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners, it ain't fair, they act like they forgot how to add
Eight million stories out there in the naked
City, it's a pity half of y'all won't make it
Me? I gotta plug Special Ed, "I Got It Made"
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron, I'm payin' Dwyane Wade
Three dice, Cee-lo, Three Card Monte
Labor Day Parade, rest in peace, Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade (Come on, come on)
Long live the king, yo (Come on), I'm from the Empire State, that's

In New York (Ayy; uh, yeah)
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (That boy good, okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah, welcome to the bright lights, baby)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)

Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
Or they could step out of bounds quick, the side lines is
Lined with casualties who sip the life casually
Then gradually become worse, don't bite the apple, Eve
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in-style
Into the winter gets cold, en vogue with your skin out
City of sin is a pity on a whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them
Mami took a bus trip, now she got her bust out
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route
"Hail Mary" to the city, you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church end
Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA (Come on) got you feelin' like a champion (Come on)
The city never sleeps (Come on), better slip you a Ambien

In New York (Ayy, ow, uh, yeah)
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)

One hand in the air for the big city (Oh)
Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty (Oh)
No place in the world that could compare (Nah)
Put your lighters in the air, everybody say
"Yeah, yeah" (Come on, come on)
"Yeah, yeah" (Come on)

In New York (Uh, yeah, oh)
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)

[Song 4: No Church in the Wild]
277 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisEspañolPortuguêsItalianoNo Church in the Wild Lyrics“No Church in the Wild” is an existential renunciation of traditional, organized religious worship. Its theme is reminiscent of a famous line delivered by Cassius in William Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar:
The… Read More 
Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king?
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer
Who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive?
Alright, alright
No church in the wild
Tears on the mausoleum floor
Blood stains the Colosseum doors
Lies on the lips of a priest
Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
Rolling in the Rolls-Royce Corniche
Only the doctors got this, I'm hiding from police
Cocaine seats
All white like I got the whole thing bleached
Drug dealer chic
I'm wondering if a thug's prayers reach
Is Pius pious 'cause God loves pious?
Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek?
All for Plato, screech
I'm out here balling, I know y'all hear my sneaks
Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy laid beats
Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats
Preach

Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king?
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer
Who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive?
Alright, alright
No church in the wild

I live by you, desire
I stand by you, walk through the fire
Your love is my scripture
Let me in through your encryption
Yeah, yeah
Coke on her Black skin made it stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there's permission
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 a.m.
I wonder if they got cabs still
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos, one read, "No apologies"
The other said, "Love is cursed by monogamy"
That's something that the pastor don't preach
That's something that a teacher can't teach
When we die, the money, we can't keep
But we'll probably spend it all 'cause the pain ain't cheap
Preach

Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king?
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer
Who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive?
Alright, alright
No church in the wild
No church in the wild
No church in the wild
No church in the wild

[Song 5: Part II (On the Run)]
178 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisPart II (On the Run) LyricsReleased as the 3rd single off Magna Carta… Holy Grail, the record serves as a spiritual sequel to the consummation of their budding relationship: “03' Bonnie and Clyde”, released way back in 2002, off The… Read More 
Who wants that perfect love story anyway, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
Who wants that hero love that saves the day anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
What about the bad guy goes good, yeah?
An innocent love I'm misunderstood, yeah?
Black hour glass, our glass
Toast to clichés in a dark past
Toast to clichés in a dark past

Boy meets girl, girl perfect woman
Girl get to bustin' before the cops come running
Chuck the deuces, chugging D'USSÉ, ugh
Fuck what you say, boys in blue say

I don't care if we on the run
Baby, long as I'm next to you
(Uhuu)
And if loving you is a crime
Tell me why'd I bring out the best in you
Why

I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, no
I know it's crazy but

They can take me
Now that I found the places that you
Take me
Without you I got nothing to lose

I'm an outlaw, got an outlaw chick
Bumping 2Pac, on my outlaw shit
Matching tats, this Ink don't come off
Even if rings come off, if things ring off
My nails get dirty, my past ain't pretty
My lady is, my Mercedes is
My baby momma harder than a lot of you niggas
Keep it 100, hit the lottery niggas
You ain't about that life ain't gotta lie to me, nigga
You know it's till the death, I hope it's obvi to niggas
Ugh
Cross the line, speak about mine
I'ma wave this TEC, I'm a geek about mine
Touch a nigga where his rib at, I click clack
Push your mothafuckin' wig back, I did that
I been wilding since a juvi, she was a good girl
'til she knew me, now she is in the drop bustin' Uey's, screaming

They can take me
Now that I found the places that you
Take me
Without you I got nothing to lose

Deeper than words, beyond right
Die for your love, beyond life
Sweet as a Jesus piece, beyond ice
Blind me baby with your neon lights
Ray Bans on, police in sight
Oh, what a beautiful death, let's both wear white
If you go to heaven and they bring me to hell
Just sneak out and meet me, bring a box of L's
She fell in love with the bad guy, the bad guy
What you doing with them rap guys, them rap guys
They ain't see potential in me girl, but you see it
If it's me and you against the world, then so be it

I don't care if they give me life
I get all of my life from you
(Uhuu)
And if loving you had a price
I would pay my life for you

I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, no
I know it's crazy but

I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
(Without you I got nothing to lose)

[Song 6: The Story of O.J.]
347 ContributorsTranslationsРусский (Russian)PortuguêsEspañolSvenskaFrançaisThe Story of O.J. LyricsThe song title refers to O.J. Simpson, the former NFL running back who was accused and acquitted of killing his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman. The trial was named the “Trial of the… Read More 
Skin is, skin is
Skin black, my skin is black
My, black, my skin is yellow

Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
I like that second one
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

O.J. like, "I'm not black, I'm O.J.," okay

House nigga, don't fuck with me
I'm a field nigga, with shined cutlery
Gold-plated quarters, where the butlers be
I'ma play the corners where the hustlers be
I told him, "Please don't die over the neighborhood
That your mama rentin'
Take your drug money and buy the neighborhood
That's how you rinse it"
I bought every V12 engine
Wish I could take it back to the beginnin'
I coulda bought a place in DUMBO before it was DUMBO
For like 2 million
That same building today is worth 25 million
Guess how I'm feelin'? Dumbo

Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

You wanna know what's more important than throwin' away money at a strip club? Credit
You ever wonder why Jewish people own all the property in America? This how they did it

Financial freedom my only hope
Fuck livin' rich and dyin' broke
I bought some artwork for one million
Two years later, that shit worth two million
Few years later, that shit worth eight million
I can't wait to give this shit to my children
Y'all think it's bougie, I'm like, it's fine
But I'm tryin' to give you a million dollars worth of game for $9.99
I turned that 2 to a 4, 4 to an 8
I turned my life into a nice first week release date
Y'all out here still takin' advances, huh?
Me and my niggas takin' real chances, uh
Y'all on the 'Gram holdin' money to your ear
There's a disconnect, we don't call that money over here, yeah

Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

[Song 7: 4:44]
227 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschPortuguêsTürkçeSvenskaEspañol4:44 Lyrics“4:44” is the title track from Jay Z’s 13th studio album. It is an open love/apology letter to his wife Beyoncé and is the 5th track of 4:44. In the song he discusses being a bad husband and the possibility… Read More 
Do I find it so hard
When I know in my heart
I'm letting you down every day
Letting you down every day
Why do I keep on running away?

Look, I apologize, often womanize
Took for my child to be born, see through a woman's eyes
Took for these natural twins to believe in miracles
Took me too long for this song, I don't deserve you
I harassed you out in Paris
"Please come back to Rome, you make it home"
We talked for hours when you were on tour
"Please pick up the phone, pick up the phone!"
I said: "Don't embarrass me" instead of "Be mine"
That was my proposal for us to go steady
That was your 21st birthday
You matured faster than me, I wasn't ready
So I apologize
I seen the innocence leave your eyes
I still mourn its death and
I apologize for all the stillborns
'Cause I wasn't present, your body wouldn't accept it
I apologize to all the women whom I toyed with your emotions
'Cause I was emotionless
And I apologize 'cause at your best, you are love
And because I fall short of what I say I'm all about
Your eyes leave with the soul that your body once housed
And you stare blankly into space
Thinkin' of all the time, you wasted it on all this basic shit
So I apologize

I'm never gonna treat you
I'm never gonna treat you like I should
Oh

I apologize
Our love was one for the ages and I contained us
And all this ratchet shit and we more expansive
Not meant to cry and die alone in these mansions
Or sleep with our back turned
We supposed to vacay 'til our backs burn
We're supposed to laugh 'til our heart stops
And then meet in a space where the dark stop
And let love light the way
Like the men before me, I cut off my nose to spite my face
I never wanted another woman to know
Something about me that you didn't know
I promised, I cried, I couldn't hold
I suck at love, I think I need a do-over
I will be emotionally available if I invited you over
I stew over; "What if—"
"You over my shit?"

I'm never gonna treat you
I'm never gonna treat you like I should
Oh

And if my children knew
I don't even know what I would do
If they ain't look at me the same
I would prob'ly die with all the shame
"You did what with who?"
What good is a ménage à trois when you have a soulmate?
"You risked that for Blue?"
If I wasn't a superhero in your face
My heart breaks for the day I have to explain my mistakes
And the mask goes away
And Santa Claus is fake
And you go online and see
For Blue's tooth, the tooth fairy didn't pay

I'm never gonna treat you like I should

[Song 8: Tom Ford]
175 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisTom Ford LyricsJay Z’s “Tom Ford” includes a sample from M.I.A.’s “Bad Girls,” the lyrics of which follow the same cadence and flow.
Get back, get down
Pull me closer if you think you can hang
Hands up, hands tied

About… Read More 
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass

Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Coming up, coming down
Riding clean, fix your hair in my Crown
Bad bitch, H-town
Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around

Paris where we been, pard' my Parisian
It's Hov time in no time, it's fuck-all-y'all season
Piss Bordeaux and Burgundies, flush out a Riesling
When Hov's out, them hoes out, y'all put y'all weaves in, and
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass
Spent all my euros on tuxes and weird clothes
I party with weirdos, yeah, Hov, yeah, Hov

I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Tom Ford

Hands down got the best flow, sound, I'm so special
Sound boy burial, this my Wayne Perry flow
Y'all know nothing 'bout Wayne Perry though
District of Columbia, guns on y'all Tumblrs
Fuck hashtags and retweets (Nigga)
Hundred and forty characters in these streets (Nigga)
Pardon my laughing, y'all only flagging on beats, nigga
Pardon my laughing, I happen to think you sweet

I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Tom Ford

Oh, man, homie, so throwed
Coming up, coming down
Riding clean, fix your hair in my Crown
Bad bitch, H-town
Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around

Hold up
I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford

[Song 9: Renegade]
359 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisRenegade Lyrics“Renegade” serves as a “fuck you” to critics who said JAY-Z had forgotten his ghetto roots with his new found riches, and moralizers who said Eminem was a bad influence on children.
This was considered a… Read More 
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels (Bling-bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
The same dude you gave nothin', I made somethin' doin'
What I do through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid I penetrate pop culture
Bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up 'cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown
When child support knocked, "No, he's not around"
Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring you through the ghetto without ridin' 'round
Hidin' down, duckin' strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin' relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
'Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits, I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits?
But there's a huge interference, they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment?
Now, now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage (Haha)
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here?
I don't think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go, he's Jigga-Jur-Jigga-Jih-Jigga
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just a

Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)

I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lotta lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lotta innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin' braver
Durag wrappin' my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me
I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan, my pops left me
And often my mama wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
'Specially on nights I brought somethin' home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin' green up
Raisin' my fingers to critics, raisin' my head to the sky
Big, I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight

See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the king of these Latter-day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistlin' "Dixie"
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (Huh?), I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a motherfuckin'

Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)

[Song 10: FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt]
197 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisFuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt LyricsJay-Z and Rick Ross team up for a braggadocious rap song, highlighting the luxurious lifestyles they are able to live as a result of their successful rap careers. The track’s producer, Vinylz, claimed he was… Read More 
"A little over a year ago I was in bondage. And now I'm back out here, reaping the blessings, and getting the benefits that go along with it. Everything that's out here for kings like us. The reason why we like this—this jewelry and this diamonds and stuff—they don't understand, it's because we really from Africa. And that's where all this stuff come from. And we originated from kings, you know what I'm saying? So don't look down on the youngsters because they wanna have shiny things. It's in our genes, know what I'm saying? We just don't all know our history, so…"

Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
I just landed in Europe, nigga
Shoppin' bags, I'm a tourist, nigga
Money talk, I speak fluent, nigga
Reeboks on, I just do it, nigga
Look at me, I'm pure, nigga
I bet the hoes on my tour, nigga
I don't bop, I do the money dance
My bitch whip cost a hundred grand

Red vert, you see me slide
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Sexy bitch, I know she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it

Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Hov just landed in Rome, nigga
All hail, Caesar's home, niggas
Cent'anni, ciao bella
Come money dance with the good fellas
Hov keep gettin' that dinero, got it
Even if a nigga gotta rob it, get it?
Black Jack in a casino
A nigga got unlimited credit, uh
A nigga got a lot of vendettas, uh
But we the Black mob, we gon' set it, uh
Peel off in a Lamborghini Countach
200 in the dash, we gonna rev it (skirt)
Lucky Luciano is what they call me, paesano
A 100 keys at the piano
Plays across the Verrazano
El Padrino, in the villa in Venice, sippin' vino
Not bad for a mulignan
Y'all know like we know, I got it

Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Bad bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Bad bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Bad bitch, I know she 'bout it

I'm ridin' big, comin' down that beach
Geechi niggas with satin sheets
Bad bitch, she a masterpiece
Got a bad bitch, she a master; peace

[Song 11: Run This Town]
214 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolRun This Town LyricsThe three principal artists of Jay-Z’s newly-formed Roc Nation record label—Kanye West, Rihanna, and the Hov himself—announce to the world that they “run the town.” Jay explained the clear nature of the track… Read More 

Feel it comin' in the air (Yeah)
Hear the screams from everywhere (Yeah)
I'm addicted to the thrill (I'm ready)
It's a dangerous love affair (What's up? Come on)
Can't be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now (What's up?)
Only thing that's on my mind (What's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Ah, what's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Yeah, what's up? Yeah)
We gon' run this town

We are, yeah, I said it, we are
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds ridin' with they Dillingers
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is La Familia, I'll explain later
But for now, let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talkin' 5 comma, 6 zeros, dot zero, here Doug
Back to runnin' circles round niggas, now we squared up
Hold up

Life's a game, but it's not fair (Yeah)
I break the rules, so I don't care (Uh-huh)
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain (What's up?)
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don't give up now (What's up?)
Only thing that's on my mind (What's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Uh, yeah)
Hey, hey, hey, hey (What's up?)
Who's gon' run this town tonight?

We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader, so Eric B we are
Microphone fiend, this the return of the god
Peace, God, ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin Margiela
On the table, screamin', "Fuck the other side, they jealous"
We got a banquette full of broads, they got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spendin' no cake
They should throw their hand in 'cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is lookin' like Millionaires' Row

Life's a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don’t give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Who's gon' run this town tonight?

It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick, no homo
I bought my whole family whips, no Volvos
Next time I'm in church, please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' RAV4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life Good Will Hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, uh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels"
"Is that a May— what?!" "Baby, these wheels"
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel (What’s up?)

Hey, hey (Yeah, yeah)
Hey, hey (What’s up?)
Hey, hey
Hey, we gon' run this town tonight
What’s up?

[Song 12: 99 Problems]
232 ContributorsTranslationsРусский (Russian)99 Problems LyricsIn Decoded, Jay states he used “99 Problems” to confuse critics and point out their own ignorance by hiding a deeper story behind a superficial chorus.
The chorus hook “I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain’t… Read More 
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
I've got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's Money, Cash, Hoes
I'm from the hood, stupid! What type of facts are those?
If you grew up with holes in your zapatos
You'd celebrate the minute you was havin' dough
I'm like, "Fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole!
If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward"
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show
They don't play my hits, well, I don't give a shit, so
Rap mags try and use my black ass
So advertisers can give 'em more cash for ads
Fuckers, I don't know what you take me as
Or understand the intelligence that Jay Z has
I'm from rags to riches, niggas, I ain't dumb
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!

Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!

The year is '94, in my trunk is raw
In my rearview mirror is the motherfuckin' law
Got two choices, y'all: pull over the car or
Bounce on the devil, put the pedal to the floor
And I ain't tryin' to see no highway chase with Jake
Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case
So I pull over to the side of the road
I heard, "Son, do you know why I'm stopping you for?"
"'Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low?
Do I look like a mind reader, sir? I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some more?"
"Well, you was doing fifty-five in a fifty-four
License and registration and step out of the car
Are you carrying a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are"
I ain't steppin' out of shit, all my paper's legit
"Well, do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?"
Well, my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back
And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that
"Aren't you sharp as a tack?
You some type of lawyer or something?
Somebody important or something?"
Well, I ain't passed the bar, but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
"Well, we'll see how smart you are when the K9 come!"
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!

Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!
Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one

Now once upon a time not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strong-arm a ho
This is not a ho in the sense of havin' a pussy
But a pussy havin' no goddamn sense, try and push me
I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord
Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform
You know the type, loud as a motorbike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
And only thing that's gon' happen is I'ma get to clappin'
And he and his boys gonna be yappin' to the Captain
And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again
Back through the system with the riff-raff again
Fiends on the floor, scratchin' again
Paparazzis with they cameras, snappin' 'em
D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again
Half a mil' for bail 'cause I'm African
All because this fool was harassin' them
Tryin' to play the boy like he's saccharine
But ain't nothin' sweet 'bout how I hold my gun
I got ninety-nine problems, bein' a bitch ain't one – hit me!

Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!

You crazy for this one, Rick
It's your boy

[Song 13: Otis]
257 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEnglishEnglishOtis LyricsThe second single from Watch the Throne, “Otis” has Yeezus flipping a portion of a classic Otis Redding track into an entire instrumental. He formed the track after his mentor No I.D. presented him with a… Read More 
It makes it easier, easier to bear
You won't regret it, no, no, no
Some girls, they don't forget it
Love is their only happiness
Squee'— Squee'— Squee'—
(Sounds so soulful, don't you agree?)
Squeeze her, don't tease her, never leave her

Uh, I invented swag
Poppin' bottles, puttin' supermodels in the cab
Proof
I guess I got my swagger back, truth
New watch alert, Hublots
Or the big-face Rollie, I got two of those
Arm out the window, through the city, I maneuver slow
Cock back, snapback, see my cut through the holes, Hov

Damn, Yeezy and Hov, where the hell you been?
Niggas talking real reckless, stuntmen
I adopted these niggas, Phillip Drummond them
Now I'm 'bout to make 'em tuck they whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, well, I'm 'bout to go dumb again
They ain't seen me 'cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week, I was in my other, other Benz
Throw your diamonds up 'cause we in this bitch another 'gain

Photoshoot fresh, looking like wealth
I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Uh, live from the Mercer
Run up on Yeezy the wrong way, I might murk ya
Flee in the G450, I might surface
Political refugee, asylum can be purchased
Uh, everything's for sale
I got five passports, I'm never going to jail

I made "Jesus Walks," I'm never going to hell
Couture-level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermès of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs, you ain't been nowhere, hah?
And all the ladies in the house got 'em showing off
I'm done, I'll hit you up maña— nah

Welcome to Havana
Smoking Cubanos with Castro in cabanas
Viva México, Cubano
Dominicano, all the plugs that I know
Driving Benzes with no benefits
Not bad, huh, for some immigrants?
Build your fences, we diggin' tunnels
Can't you see we gettin' money up under you?

Can't you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker read, "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin' (Uh), Ye is chillin' (Uh)
What more can I say? We killin' 'em
Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see, we done bodied the damn lames
Lord, please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of they pain be champagne

Scream it
Give it
Scream it

[Song 14: Gotta Have It]
176 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsGotta Have It LyricsA lecture on success, money, the desire to get them both; and how you deal with those who try to take them from you. The song is one of many on Watch The Throne that addresses black-on-black violence, and has… Read More 
Turn my headphones up
Louder
Uh-huh, uh-huh
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need, what—what you need
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need

Hello, hello, hello, hello, white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon' act phony or who gon' try to embarrass ya?
I'ma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up
Bueller had a Muller, but I switched it for a Mille
'Cause I’m richer, and prior to this shit, was movin' free base
Had a conference with the DJs (Yeah?), Puerto Rico, three days
Poli with the PDs, now they got our shit on replay
Sorry I'm in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
Ain't that where the Heat play? (Yup)
Niggas hate ballers these days (Yup)
Ain't that like LeBron James?
Ain't that just like D-Wade? Wait

What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need, what—what you need
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need

What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, motherfucker? Where my money at?
You gon' make me come down to your house where your mommy at
Mummy wrap the kids, have 'em cryin' for they mommy back
Dummy that your daddy is, tell him I just want my racks
Racks on racks on racks (Racks)
Maybachs on 'Bachs on 'Bachs on 'Bachs on 'Bachs
Who in that? Oh shit, it's just Blacks on Blacks on Blacks
Hundred stack, how you get it? Nigga, layin' raps on tracks
I wish I could give you this feeling, I'm planking on a million
I'm riding through your hood, you can bank I ain't got no ceiling
Made a left on Nostrand Ave, (Right), we in Bed-Stuy
Made a right on 79th, I'm coming down South Shore Drive
I remain Chi-Town, Brooklyn 'til I die
Take 'em on home
I got what you need, what—what you need
Take 'em on home
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need, what—what you need
Take 'em on home
Tryna hurt my name, huh?

[Song 15: Oceans]
198 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisPortuguêsOceans LyricsIn a video preview Jay explains the meaning behind the song. “It sounds like a celebration of where we are now on some big yacht, throwing champagne in the water,” he tells Rick Rubin. “But the undertow of… Read More 
(You see this motherfucking face)
Blessings, blessings, yeah, I see..

Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean

Dope boy still smelling like cocaina
White boat, white robe, can he be more cleaner?
The oil spill that BP ain't clean up
I'm anti-Santa Maria
Only Christopher we acknowledge is Wallace
I don't even like Washingtons in my pocket
Black card go hard when I'm shopping
Boat docked in front of Hermès picking cotton
Silk and fleeces, lay on my Jesus
Oh my God, I hope y'all don't get seasick
See me in shit you never saw
If it wasn't for these pictures they wouldn't see me at all
Aww, whole world's in awe
I crash through glass ceilings, I break through closed doors
I'm on the ocean, I'm in heaven
Yachting, Ocean 11

Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean

Me and Ty Ty is like Pablo and Popeye
Winding dirt roads on mopeds spilling Opus
Welcome to the magnum opus, the Magna Carta
The best-selling author Decoded
On the holiday playin' "Strange Fruit"
If I'ma make it to a billi, I can't take the same route
Swoosh, that's the sound of the border
Swoosh, and that's the sound of a baller
Muhammad Hovi my back against the rope
The black Maybach, I'm back inside the boat
Shepard Fairey they finally gave me some hope
Can't believe they got a nigga to vote
Democrat? Nope, I sold dope
In trouble waters I had to learn how to float
On the ocean, I'm in heaven
Yachting, Ocean 11

Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean

[Song 16: Takeover]
263 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschTakeover LyricsJay Z’s diss song aimed at Mobb Deep and Nas.  The song is better remembered for its Nas diss as it catalyzed the long-running and epic Jay-Z/Nas beef.
The first 2 verses were debuted live at NYC radio… Read More 
C'mon
Woo
R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit

The takeover, the break's over, nigga
God MC, me, Jay-Hova
Hey, lil' soldier, you ain't ready for war
R-O-C too strong for y'all
It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringing them boys to men, how them boys gon' win?
This is grown man B-I, get you rolled into triage, bitch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucker
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet, the navy
Niggas'll kidnap your baby, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill your drama, uh
We kill you motherfuckin' ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you, dunny, 'cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with just rap music

R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic, when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out, we run New York)
I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little fuck, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushing weight back in '88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switched your demeanor
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella students of the game, we passed the class
'Cause nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let 'em gas you like Jigga is ass and won't clap you
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level, get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov, no

R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Sigel, we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic, when it happens, that's it
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out, we run New York)
I know you miss it, Nas, the (Fame)
But along with celebrity comes 'bout seventy shots to your frame
Nigga, you a (Lame)
You's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started, but now, you're just garbage
Fell from top ten to not mentioned at all
To your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally" verse better than yours (Oochie wally wally, oochie wally wally)
Matter of fact, you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin' song
But I know, the sun don't shine if son don't shine
That's why your (Lame), career's come to an end
It's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga, you ain't live it, you witnessed it from your folks' pad (Yup)
You scribbled it in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first TEC on tour with Large Professor (Me, that's who)
Then I heard your album 'bout your TEC on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice, you was using it wrong (I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me)
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song (Woo)
And you ain't get a coin, nigga, you was gettin' fucked then
I know who I paid, God, Serchlite Publishing
Use your (Brain)
You said you've been in this ten, I've been in it five, smarten up, Nas
Four albums in ten years, nigga? I could divide
That's one every, let's say two, two of them shits was doo
One was nah, the other was Illmatic
That's a one hot album every ten year average
And that's so (Lame)
Nigga, switch up your flow, your shit is garbage
What, you tryna kick knowledge? (Fuck outta here)
Y'all niggas gon' learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you-know-who (Who)
Did you-know-what (What?), with you-know-who (Yeah)
But just keep that between me and you for now

R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic, when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out, we run New York)

A wise man told me don't argue with fools
‘Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga, I'm grown
Please leave it alone, don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisers ain't forewarn you
Please, not Jay, he's not for play
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin' and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yappin' be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed, now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga, I know you well, all the stolen jewels
Twinkletoes, you're breakin' my heart
Can't fuck with me, go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwin' shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar, fuck y'all niggas

[Song 17: Kill Jay Z]
202 ContributorsTranslationsРусский (Russian)DeutschItalianoSvenskaPortuguêsEspañolTürkçeKill Jay Z Lyrics“Kill Jay Z” is the opening track from Jay’s 13th studio album, 4:44.  In an iHeart Radio interview JAY-Z described the song as a killing of his ego. Throughout the song he brings up past troubles, many of… Read More 
Kill JAY-Z, they'll never love you
You'll never be enough, let's just keep it real, JAY-Z
Fuck JAY-Z, I mean, you shot your own brother
How can we know if we can trust JAY-Z?
And you know better, nigga, I know you do
But you gotta do better, boy, you owe it to Blue
You had no father, you had the armor
But you got a daughter, gotta get softer
Die JAY-Z, this ain't back in the days
You don't need an alibi, JAY-Z
Cry JAY-Z, we know the pain is real
But you can't heal what you never reveal
What's up, JAY-Z? You know you owe the truth
To all the youth that fell in love with JAY-Z
You got people you love you sold drugs to
You got high on the life, that shit drugged you
You walkin' around like you invincible
You dropped outta school, you lost your principles
I know people backstab you, I felt bad too
But this 'fuck everybody' attitude ain't natural
But you ain't a saint, this ain't kumbaye
But you got hurt because you did cool by 'Ye
You gave him twenty million without blinkin'
He gave you twenty minutes on stage, fuck was he thinkin'?
"Fuck wrong with everybody?" is what you sayin'
But if everybody's crazy, you're the one that's insane
Crazy how life works
You got a knot in your chest, imagine how a knife hurts
You stabbed Un over some records
Your excuse was "He was talkin' too reckless!"
Let go your ego over your right shoulder
Your left is sayin', "Finish your breakfast!"
You egged Solange on
Knowin' all along, all you had to say you was wrong
You almost went Eric Benét
Let the baddest girl in the world get away
I don't even know what else to say
Nigga, never go Eric Benét!
I don't even know what you woulda done
In the future other niggas playin' football with your son
You woulda lost it
13 bottles of Ace of Spade, what it did to Boston
Nah, JAY-Z
Bye, JAY-Z

[Song 18: Big Pimpin’]
178 ContributorsBig Pimpin’ Lyrics“Big Pimpin'” was the fifth and final single from Jay-Z’s fourth studio album Vol. 3… Life and Times of S. Carter. The track is an ode to the “pimping” lifestyle, that is, sex with girls without becoming… Read More 

Uh, uh, uh, uh
It's big pimpin', baby (That's right)
It's big pimpin', spendin' Gs
Feel me, uh-huh uh, uh-huh
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah

You know I thug 'em, fuck 'em, love 'em, leave 'em
‘Cause I don't fuckin' need 'em
Take 'em out the hood, keep 'em lookin' good
But I don't fuckin' feed 'em
First time they fuss, I'm breezin'
Talkin' 'bout, "What's the reasons?"
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch
Better trust and believe 'im
In the cut where I keep 'em
'Til I need a nut, 'til I need to beat the guts
Then it's, "Beep-beep," then I'm pickin' them up
Let 'em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga fists in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread
So you can be livin' it up? Shit, I
Parts with nothin', y'all be frontin'
Me give my heart to a woman?
Not for nothin', never happen
I'll be forever mackin'

Heart cold as assassins
I got no passion
I got no patience, and I hate waitin'
Ho, get your ass in and let's ri-i-i-i-i-ide
Check 'em out now, ri-i-i-i-i-ide
Yeah, and lets ri-i-i-i-i-ide
Check 'em out now
Ride!

Yeah, we doin', big pimpin', we spendin' cheese
Check 'em out now
Big pimpin' on B-L-A-D’s, we doin'
Big pimpin' up in NYC
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C and B-U-N B
(Yo, yo, yo) Big pimpin', spendin' cheese, we doin'
Big pimpin' on B-L-A-D’s, we doin'
Big pimpin' up in NYC
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C and B-U-N B
Check 'em out now

Nigga, it's the big Southern rap empresario
Comin' straight up out the black barrio
Makes a mill' up off a sorry ho
Then sit back and peep my sce-nahr-i-o
Oops, my bad, that's "My scenario"
No, I can't fuck a scary ho
Now every time, every place, everywhere we go
Hoes start pointin', they say: "There he go!"
Now these ma'fuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit
We don't pull it out over little shit
And if you catch a lick when I spit
Then it won't be a little hit
Go read a book, you illiterate son of a bitch!
And step up your vocab!
Don't be surprised if your ho's there out with me
And you see us comin' down on yo' SLAB
Livin' ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it
But, nigga, if you hate now then you wait while I get your bitch butt-naked
Just break it; you gotta pay like you weigh wet with two pairs of clothes on
Now get your ass to the back as I fly to the track, Timbaland, let me spit my prose on
Posted up in the pro-zone
That's the track that we breakin' these hoes on
Ain't the track that we flows on
But when shit get hot then the Glock start poppin' like ozone
We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man
For real, it don't get no bigger, man
Don't trip, let's sip, gettin' throwed on the flip
Gettin' blowed with the motherfuckin' Jigga Man, fool!

We be big pimpin', spendin' cheese
We be big pimpin' on B-L-A-D’s
We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C and B-U-N B
'Cause we be big pimpin', spendin' cheese
And we be big pimpin' on B-L-A-D’s
'Cause we be big pimpin' in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C and B-U-N B (Uh,) nigga
Smokin' out, pourin' up
Keepin' lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood
In my hood we call it "buck"
Everybody wanna ball
Holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall
Nigga, I can't fuck wit' y'all
If I wasn't rappin', baby
I would still be ridin' Mercedes
Comin' down and sippin' daily
No record 'til whitey pay me
Uh, now what y'all
Know about them Texas boys?
Comin' down in candied toys
Smokin' weed and talkin' noise (We be)

Big pimpin', spendin' cheese
We be big pimpin' on B-L-A-D’s
We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C and B-U-N B
'Cause we be big pimpin', spendin' cheese
And we be big pimpin' on B-L-A-D’s
'Cause we be big pimpin' in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C and B-U-N B, nigga

[Song 19: Family Feud]
223 ContributorsTranslationsРусский (Russian)PortuguêsSvenskaEspañolFamily Feud LyricsThe track is about the separation in the hip-hop culture and community. Hov is witnessing new rappers disrespecting their old heads, while old school artists and fans misunderstand the new generations.… Read More 
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on all white, no socks
(Ha-ya, ha-ya)
My nigga got that cocaina on today
That's how he feel, turn my vocal up (Ha-ya)
That's how you feel, Emory? (Ha-ya)
Turn my vocal up some more
Turn my vocal up, Guru! (Ha-ya)
Turn the music up too (Ha-ya-ya-ya)

Super Bowl goals
My wife in the crib feedin' the kids liquid gold
We in a whole different mode
The kid that used to pitch bricks can't be pigeonholed
I cooked up more chicken when the kitchen closed
Uh, we gon' reach a billi' first
I told my wife the spiritual shit really work
Alhamdulillah, I run through 'em all
Hovi's home, all these phonies come to a halt
All this old talk left me confused
You'd rather be old rich me or new you?
And old niggas, y'all stop actin' brand new
Like 2Pac ain't have a nose ring too, huh
Nobody wins when the family feuds
But my stash can't fit into Steve Harvey's suit
I'm clear why I'm here, how about you?
Ain't no such thing as an ugly billionaire, I'm cute
(Mmm, mmm) Pretty much
If anybody gettin' handsome checks, it should be us
Fuck rap, crack cocaine
Nah, we did that, Black-owned things
Hundred percent Black-owned champagne
And we merrily merrily eatin' off these streams
Y'all still drinkin' Perrier-Jouët, hah
But we ain't get through to you yet, uh
What's better than one billionaire? Two (Two)
'Specially if they're from the same hue as you
Y'all stop me when I stop tellin' the truth

Hahahaha (Ha-ya)
I would say I'm the realest nigga rappin' (Ha-ya)
But that ain't even a statement (Ha-ya)
That's like sayin' I'm the tallest midget (Ha-ya)
Wait, that ain't politically correct, forget it (Ha-ya)
Can I get "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Can I get a "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Ha-ya-ya-ya

Yeah, I'll fuck up a good thing if you let me
Let me alone, Becky
A man that don't take care his family can't be rich
I'll watch Godfather, I miss that whole shit
My consciousness was Michael's common sense
I missed the karma that came as a consequence
Niggas bustin' off through the curtains 'cause she hurtin'
Kay losin' the babies 'cause their future's uncertain
Nobody wins when the family feuds
We all screwed 'cause we never had the tools
I'm tryna fix you
I'm tryna get these niggas with no stripes to be official
Y'all think small, I think Biggie
Y'all whole pass is in danger, ten Mississippi
Al Sharpton in the mirror takin' selfies
How is him or Pill Cosby s'posed to help me?
Old niggas never accepted me
New niggas is the reason I stopped drinkin' Dos Equis
We all lose when the family feuds
What's better than one billionaire? Two

Hahahah
I'll be damned if I drink some Belvedere while Puff got CÎROC
Y'all need to stop

(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
Ha-ya-ya-ya
Ha-ya, ha-ya
Love me like, love
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Song 20: Public Service Announcement]
153 ContributorsPublic Service Announcement LyricsThis standout track from The Black Album is one of Jay’s most popular live concert staples. It’s a wide-ranging, pun-heavy tune that ranks in the upper echelon of his extensive catalog.
Just Blaze samples… Read More 

This is a public service announcement
Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records
Fellow Americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity that I present this recording as a living testament and recollection of history in the making during our generation
Allow me to re-introduce myself
My name is Hov, oh, H to the O-V
I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z
I guess even back then you can call me
CEO of the R-O-C, Hov
Fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire
I be the music biz number one supplier
Flyer than a piece of paper bearin' my name
Got the hottest chick in the game wearin' my chain, that's right
Hov, oh, not D.O.C.
But similar to them letters, "No One Can Do It Better"
I check cheddar like a food inspector
My homie Strict told me, "Dude, finish your breakfast"
So that's what I'ma do, take you back to the dude with the Lexus
Fast-forward the jewels and the necklace
Let me tell you dudes what I do to protect this
I shoot at you actors like movie directors
This ain't a movie, dog (Oh, shit)

Now before I finish, let me just say I did not come here to show out, did not come here to impress you
Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I'm gone
And I don't care what you think about me—but just remember, when it hits the fan, brother, whether it's next year, ten years, twenty years from now, you'll never be able to say that these brothers lied to you jack

Ving ain't lie
I done came through the block in everything that's fly
I'm like Che Guevara with bling on, I'm complex
I never claimed to have wings on
Nigga, I get my "By any means" on whenever there's a drought
Get your umbrellas out because that's when I brainstorm
You can blame Shawn, but I ain't invent the game
I just rolled the dice, trying to get some change
And I'd do it twice, ain't no sense in me
Lying as if I am a different man
And I could blame my environment but
There ain't no reason why I be buying expensive chains
Hope you don't think users are the only abusers
Niggas getting high within the game
If you do then, how would you explain?
I'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins
I got a hustler spirit, nigga, period
Check out my hat yo, peep the way I wear it
Check out my swag' yo, I walk like a ballplayer
No matter where you go, you are what you are player
And you can try to change but that's just the top layer
Man, you was who you was 'fore you got here
Only God can judge me, so I'm gone
Either love me, or leave me alone

Now, back to our regularly scheduled program, L'Album Noir: The Black Album

[Song 21: Picasso Baby]
165 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisPicasso Baby LyricsContains a sample of Adrian Younge’s “Sirens”.

On June 10th, Jay-Z spent 6 hours filming for a video at the Pace Gallery – see Verse 3 for more.

Uh, I just want a Picasso
In my casa, no, my castle
I'm a hassa, no, I'm an asshole
I'm never satisfied, can't knock my hustle
I want a Rothko, no, I want a brothel
No, I want a wife that fuck me like a prostitute
Let's make love on a million
In a dirty hotel with the fan on the ceiling, uh
All for the love of drug dealing, uh
Marble floors, uh, gold ceilings, uh
Oh, what a feeling
Fuck it, I want a billion
Jeff Koons balloons, I just wanna blow up
Condos in my condos, I wanna row of
Christie's with my missy, live at the MoMA
Bacons and turkey bacons, smell the aroma

Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby
Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby

It ain't hard to tell, I'm the new Jean Michel
Surrounded by Warhols, my whole team ball
Twin Bugattis outside the Art Basel
I just wanna live life colossal
Leonardo Da Vinci flows
Riccardo Tisci Givenchy clothes
See me throning at the Met
Vogueing on these niggas, champagne on my breath, yes
House like the Louvre or the Tate Modern
'Cause I be going ape at the auction
Oh, what a feeling
Aw, fuck it, I want a trillion
Sleeping every night next to Mona Lisa
The modern day version with better features
Yellow Basquiat in my kitchen corner
Go 'head, lean on that shit, Blue, you own it, uh

Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby
Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby

Woman: Et là je t'ai tout donné, montré, rien à cacher, tu es là Ivy, comme le nombre d'or
Jay, comment tu dis nombre d'or?
Jay-Z: The golden number
Woman: Touché

Okay, I never stuck my cock in the fox's box, but
Damned if I ain't open Pandora's box
They try to slander your man on CNN and Fox
My Mirandas don't stand a chance with cops
Even my old fans like, "Old man, just stop"
I could if I would, but I can't, I'm hot
And you blow, I'm still the man to watch
Hublot on my left hand or not
Soon I step out the booth, the cameras pops
Niggas is cool with it 'til the canons pop
Now my hand on the Bible on the stand
Got your man in a jam again, got my hands in cuff
I'm like goddamn, enough
I put down the cans and they ran amok
My hairpin pierce skin, ruptures spleens
Cracks ribs, go through cribs, and other things
No sympathy for the king, huh?
Niggas even talk about your baby crazy
Eventually the pendulum swings
Don't forget America, this how you made me
Come through with the 'Ye mask on
Spray everything like SAMO, I won't scratch the Lambo
What's it gon' take for me to go, for you to see?
I'm the modern day Pablo Picasso, baby

[Song 22: Song Cry]
107 ContributorsSong Cry Lyrics“Song Cry” is an emotional ballad in which Jay describes the pain of a long-term relationship ending, caused by his professional schedule and personal philandering. Since his pride and masculinity don’t allow… Read More 
Picture all the possibilities
Picture all the possibilities
Sounds like a love song
Sounds like a love song
The most incredible, baby
Uh
Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
Yeah, yeah
Uh
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

Good dude, I know you love me like cooked food
Even though a nigga gotta move like a crook move
We was together on the block since free lunch
We shoulda been together havin' Four Seasons brunch
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather
So now we travel first-class to change the forecast
Never in bunches, just me and you
I loved your point of view 'cause you held no punches
Still I left you for months on end
It's been months since I checked back in
We're somewhere in a small town
Somewhere lockin' a mall down
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down
I can understand why you want a divorce now
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with
But deep inside, a nigga so sick

I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta let the song cry, uh
Can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry

On repeat, the CD of Big's "Me & My Bitch"
Watchin' Bonnie and Clyde, pretendin' to be that shit
Empty gun in your hand, sayin', "Let me see that clip"
Shopping sprees, pull out your Visa quick
A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip
You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6
We was so happy poor, but when we got rich
That's when our signals got crossed and we got flipped
Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit
Made me speed that quick, let me see, that's it
It was the cheese, helped them bitches get amnesia quick
I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin' they love me
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me
Then I showed up in that dubbed-out buggy
And then they got fuzzy, and they don't remember that
And I don't remember you

I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
Yeah, I seen 'em comin' down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone
Word back home is that you had a special friend
So what was oh so special then?
You have given away without gettin' at me
That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me?
How was I to know that you was plain sick of me?
I know the way a nigga livin' was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Shit, I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that
You don't throw away what we had just like that
I was just fuckin' them girls, I was gon' get right back
They say you can't turn a bad girl good
But once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever
I'll mourn forever
Shit, I've got to live with the fact I did you wrong forever

I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta let the song cry
I know, I seen 'em comin' down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

It's fucked up, girl

[Song 23: Murder to Excellence]
207 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishMurder to Excellence Lyrics“Murder To Excellence” is the thematic centerpiece of Watch The Throne. The song, like the album, contains lyrical expressions of the spectrum of black experience and blackness in contemporary American… Read More 


Uh, bloody murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder

Paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder"
Paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder" again (Uh)

This is to the memory of Danroy Henry
Too much enemy fire to catch a friendly
Strays from the same shade, nigga, we on the same team
Giving you respect, I expect the same thing, uh
All-black everything, nigga, you know my fresh code
I'm out here fighting for you, don't increase my stress load
Niggas watching the throne, very happy to be you
Power to the people, when you see me, see you

And I'm from the murder capital where they murder for capital
Heard about at least three killings this afternoon
Looking at the news like, "Damn, I was just with him after school"
No shop class, but half the school got a tool
And a "I could die any day"-type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot reppin' his avenue
It's time for us to stop and redefine Black power
Forty-one souls murdered in fifty hours

The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder"
The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder" again
"Murder" again

Is it genocide?
'Cause I can still hear his mama cries
Know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face about piranha-sized
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain't got enough room for all the tombs
It's a war going on outside we ain't safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago

I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died, uh
Real niggas just multiply
And they say by 21, I was supposed to die
So I'm out here celebrating my post-demise
If you put crabs in a barrel to ensure your survival
You gon' end up pulling down niggas that look just like you
What up, Blood? Uh, what up, cuz? Uh, it's all Black, uh, I love us

The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder"
The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder" again
"Black-on-Black murder" again
"Black-on-Black murder" again


It's a celebration of Black excellence, black tie, black Maybachs
Huh, yeah, uh
Black excellence, opulence, decadence
Tuxes next to the president, I'm present
I dress in Dries, and other boutique stores in Paris
In sheepskin coats, I silence the lambs
Do you know who I am, Clarice?
No cheap cologne whenever I "shh-shh"
Success never smelled so sweet
I stink of success, the new Black elite
They say my Black Card bear the mark of the beast
I repeat, my religion is the beat
My verse is like church, my Jesus piece
Now please, domino, domino
Only spot a few Blacks the higher I go, uh
What's up to Will? Uh, shout out to O, uh
That ain't enough, we gonna need a million more, uh
Kick in the door, uh, Biggie flow
I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go, uh

Yeah, it's all messed up when it's nowhere to go
So we won't take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P
From parolees that hold G's, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG's
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see? Black guys
What's the life expectancy for Black guys?
The system's working effectively, that's why
I'll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
'Cause there ain't nothin' on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain't nothing new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let's savor this moment and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours

[Song 24: Smile]
262 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçePortuguêsSvenskaEspañolSmile LyricsSmile is the third and longest track on JAY-Z’s 13th album, 4:44 at 4 minutes and 50 seconds.
Jay looks back onto bad memories and how they have helped him change his future for the better. It features a… Read More 
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile, you recordin'?

Slammin' Bentley doors like we invented doors
20 years ago we drove Bentley Azures
We drinkin' Cristal then
Yeah, kept the tray on me like Chris Paul then
Drinkin' Ace of Spades like it's codeine now
Tryna put a million on the whole team now
Push through the pain so we can see new life
So all the ladies havin' babies, see ya sacrifice
Mama had four kids, but she's a lesbian
Had to pretend so long that she's a thespian
Had to hide in the closet, so she medicate
Society shame and the pain was too much to take
Cried tears of joy when you fell in love
Don't matter to me if it's a him or her
I just wanna see you smile through all the hate
Marie Antoinette, baby, let 'em eat cake

Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile
Here's your friendly announcer
Smile

Far as draft picks, my name did not get called
Bet before I go I put a billion on the board
Hall of Fame Hov, I did it all without a pen
Y'all knew that was comin', I had to remind y'all again, huh?
Flyin' paper planes through the projects
Now the whole projects on my jet
Now you see the real in the front row
In every one of y'all televised shows
Super facts
Niggas switched sides, traded pride, we don't do all that
A loss ain't a loss, it's a lesson
Appreciate the pain, it’s a blessin'

Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends
I mastered my aesthetics
I know you often heard me wax poetic 'bout bein' back in the Lexus
But trust me, that was nothin'
A nigga up in the hundreds of millions, I have no ceilings
Ah, this that feelin', I'm that boy
Anita Baker's "You Bring Me Joy" slappin' out of the toy
The separation is clear
In my rear-view mirror objects is further than they appear
Oh yeah, I was born with a pair, playin' for high stakes
Norman's Cay, he looked up and out of the Lear
How niggas can't relate?
Fuck a slice of the apple pie, want my own cake
In charge of my own fate, respect Jimmy Iovine
But he gotta respect the Elohim as a whole new regime
And niggas playin' for power, huh
So our music is ours, niggas own their own houses
Ours was, "Fuck you, pay me"
Now it's, "Fuck payin' me, I pay you
Put the rest away for Blue"
That blood money I giggle at it
Can't even support my miss' habit
Jewelry shoppin' in Pa- all ya jewelers should be embarrassed
Huh, blood diamonds drippin' with guilt, I still ain't trippin'
That's life, winners and losers
Drug dealers and abusers, America like me ruthless
My therapist said I relapsed
I said, "Pre-haps I Freudian slipped in European whips"
God sent me to break the chain, I'm the true and livin'
God in the flesh, the rest of these niggas is vain
A stain on the white suit, inferior IQ
Niggas'll rip your shit off TIDAL just to spite you
Ahhhh, what did I do? 'Cept try to free you
Niggas'll love you but hate you 'cause they can't be you
Dump 'em all in the bayou, uh
Everybody wave bye to the guy you thought you could lie to
This was meant to be a haiku, huh
But my story's too wide to fit inside a line or two
Oh, these that drugs, heron flow
I spaz on the stove, this is Hov, no flex zone
Nigga, who lied to you?
Look, you're a pedestrian, don't ever question the security I provided you
Oh y'all thought I was washed? I'm at the cleaners
Launderin' dirty money like the Teamsters, huh
Shout out to Hoffa back home, he in the church
When I heard you got booked, that shit hurt
Feel for you bro, we know the system don't work
Take a young nigga freedom over some dirt
Yet it's legal in Colorado, yet, we deny
Black entrepreneurs, free enterprise
That's why it's a black market, that's why it's called the trap
That's why it's called the projects 'cause it's exactly that
All these people was gon' kill me, heh
'Cause the more I reveal me, the more they 'fraid of the real me
Welcome back Carter, smile

Living in the shadow
Can you imagine what kind of life it is to live?
In the shadows people see you as happy and free
Because that's what you want them to see
Living two lives, happy, but not free
You live in the shadows for fear of someone hurting your family or the person you love
The world is changing and they say it's time to be free
But you live with the fear of just being me
Living in the shadow feels like the safe place to be
No harm for them, no harm for me
But life is short, and it's time to be free
Love who you love, because life isn't guaranteed
Smile

[Song 25: Open Letter]
143 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisEnglishOpen Letter LyricsOn this album-teasing track Jay Z took the gloves off and addressed multiple issues making headlines at the time; such as his controversial wedding anniversary trip with Beyoncé to Cuba, the standing of his… Read More 
Ladies and gentlemen
Goddammit
Let this shit knock

I done turned Havana to Atlanta
Guayabera shirts and bandanas
Every time you think they got me I switch the planner
Bulletproof this, radio scanners
(You got scanners, we got scanners)
Balling 'til they ban us
You getting too much bread, they try to jam you
Boy from the hood but got White House clearance
Sorry y'all, I don't agree with y'all parents
Politicians never did shit for me
Except lie to me, distort history
Wanna give me jail time and a fine
Fine, let me commit a real crime
I might buy a kilo for Chief Keef
Out of spite, I just might flood these streets
Hear the freedom in my speech
Got an onion from Universal, read it and weep
Would've brought the Nets to Brooklyn for free
Except I made millions off it, you fuckin' dweeb
I still own the building, I'm still keeping my seat
Y'all buy that bullshit, you'd better keep y'all receipt
Obama said "Chill, you gonna get me impeached"
But you don't need this shit anyway, chill with me on the beach

Y'all gon' learn today

Uh, y'all must want to start a revolution
You know whenever I'm threatened, I start shooting (Bang!)
Catch a body, head to Houston
I'm in Cuba, I love Cubans
This communist talk is so confusing
When it's from China, the very mic that I'm using
Idiot wind, the Bob Dylan of rap music
You're an idiot, baby, you should become a student
Oh, you gonna learn today
Where the fuck have you been
The world's under new management
The new role model, fuck this Zoolander shit
Y'all gon' learn today

[Song 26: ’03 Bonnie & Clyde]
98 Contributors’03 Bonnie & Clyde LyricsIn their first musical collaboration, Jay-Z and Beyoncé put their own spin on 2Pac’s classic “Me And My Girlfriend”, only with a twist: while 2Pac was referring to his gun, Jay’s talking about his actual… Read More 
Uh-huh, uh, uh
You ready, B?
Let's go get 'em

Look for me
Young, B, cruisin' down the Westside Highway
Doin' what we like to do, our way
Eyes behind shades
This necklace the reason all of my dates been blind dates
But today I got my thoroughest girl with me
I'm mashin' the gas, she's grabbin' the wheel, it's trippy
How hard she rides with me, the new Bobby and Whitney
Only time we don't speak is durin' Sex and the City
She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show's over
She's right back to being my soldier
'Cause mami's a rider and I'm a roller
Put us together, how they gon' stop both us?
Whatever she lacks I'm right over her shoulder (Woo)
When I'm off track, mami is keepin' me focused
So let's lock this down like it's supposed to be
The '03 Bonnie and Clyde: Hov' and B, holla

All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
(Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend
(Me and my boyfriend, that's right)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
(Me and my girlfriend, look for me)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend
(Me and my boyfriend)

The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you lovin'
With the same respect that you treat the one that you humpin'
That ain't 'bout nothin', if ever you mad about somethin'
It won't be that, oh no, it won't be that
I don't be at places where we comfy at
With no be-atch, oh no, you won't see that
And no, I ain't perfect, nobody walkin' this earth's surface is
But girlfriend, work with the kid
I keep you workin' that Hermès Birkin bag
Manolo Blahnik Timbs, Aviator lens
600 drops, Mercedes Benz
The only time you wear Burberry to swim
And I don't have to worry, only worry is him
She do anything necessary for him
And I do anything necessary for her
So don't let the necessary occur, yep

All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
(Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend
(Me and my boyfriend, that's right)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
(Me and my girlfriend, look for me)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend
(Me and my boyfriend, talk to 'em, B)

If I was your girlfriend (Uh, uh, uh-huh)
I'll be there for you (Woo, uh)
If somebody hurts you (Uh)
Even if that somebody was me (Woo, that's hot)
Yeah-hee (Uh, break it down for 'em, B)
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be (Take 'em outside)
And so I put this on my life (Woo, uh)
Nobody or nothing will ever come between us (Woo, uh, woo)
And I promise I'll give my life (Woo, I'm dancin', woo)
My love and my trust if you was my boyfriend (One more time)
Put this on my life (Uh, uh, uh)
The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in (Woo, uh)
I promise I'll give my life (Woo)
My love and my trust if you was my boyfriend (Uh, uh)

All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
(Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend
(Me and my boyfriend, that's right)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
(Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend
(Me and my boyfriend)

[Song 27: Izzo (H.O.V.A.)]
151 ContributorsIzzo (H.O.V.A.) LyricsAs the first single from his classic The Blueprint album, “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)” was Hov’s very first top-10 showing on the Billboard “Hot 100” chart.
The first verse deals with the rapper’s early career as a… Read More 
Ladies and gentlemen, let's put our hands together for this dynasty
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen
To the eighth wonder of the world
The flow of the century
Always timeless
Hov
Thanks for coming out tonight
You could've been anywhere in the world
But you're here with me
I appreciate that
Uh

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
Was herbing 'em in the home of the Terrapins
Got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short with cheese, I would work with them
Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't born hustlers, I was birthing 'em
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For sheezy, my neezy, keep my arms so breezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clapped in chrome, it ain't easy
Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in
But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, he who does not feel me
Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist
So poof, vamoose, son of a bitch

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up (Holla at me)

I do this for my culture, to let 'em know
What a nigga look like when a nigga in a roadster
Show 'em how to move in a room full of vultures
Industry shady, it need to be taken over
Label owners hate me, I'm raisin' the status quo up
I'm overcharging niggas for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us
We can talk, but money talks, so talk more bucks
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up

Yeah, Hov is back, life stories told through rap
Niggas acting like I sold you crack (Yeah)
Like I told you sell drugs, no, Hov did that
So hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the projects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back sellin' they mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner focused on the ave
Ladies in the window focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamppost, why I got my hand closed?
Crack's in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
So you know I seen it all before
I've seen hoop dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail, the two things I hate
Succeed and this rap game, the two things that's great
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
What else can I say about dude? I gets busy
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A

[Song 28: Who Gon Stop Me]
173 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsWho Gon Stop Me LyricsThis song off 2011’s Watch The Throne is one of the more memorable from that album: a propulsive synth-driven beat meets some of the best lines on the album.
Allegedly, the beat bit Chiddy Bang’s “I Can’t… Read More 

I can't stop
I can't stop
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fuckin' ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, Black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me, huh?
Yeah, who gon' stop me?
No brakes, I need State Farm
So many watches, I need eight arms
One neck, but got eight charms
Who gon' stop me, huh?

Niggas talking, they bitch-made, ix-nay off my dicks-nay
That's Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon' stop me, huh?
Last night ain't go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, yes, tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you just supposed to say nothin'
Heard she fucked the doorman, well, that's cool, I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that's on one basis
I only like green faces

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, Black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I'm Oprah's circle
I wrote the verse that I hope'll hurt you (Yeah, yeah, let's go)

Who gon' stop me, huh?
Beat the odds, beat the feds
It wouldn't be wise to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift, six to six
Give me one shot, one pot
I'll show up in all white wearin' no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know I'm a dope boy, they don't have no proof
I'm three steps removed, I know how to move
It's looking like I don't know how to lose
I'm winning again, I'm at the Wynn
I'm at the table, I'm gamblin'
Lucky lefty, I expect a seven
I went through hell, I'm expectin' heaven
I'm owed, 'cause I'm dough, and I stuck to the G-code
I'm here, oh yeah, I promise I ain't goin' nowhere
Okay, here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
I'm allergic to havin' bunny ears, like broke, like nope
Like ha, I ain't no joke
I can't be stopped, like nope, like nope
Extend the beat, Noah (And pray to the Lord), uh
Two seats in the 911, uh
No limit on the Black Card, uh
Told y'all I was gon' go H.A.M., uh
'Til the ocean was my backyard, uh
No lies in my verses, hey
Please pardon all the curses, hey
Shit gotta come in some way, fuck
When you growing up worthless, uh
Middle finger to my old life, uh
Special shoutout to my oldhead, uh
If it wasn't for your advice, uh
A nigga would have been so dead, uh
I'm living life 'til these niggas kill me
Turn this up if you niggas feel me
I'm riding dirty, tryna get filthy
Pablo Picasso, Rothkos, Rilkes
Graduated to the MoMA
And I did all of this without a diploma
Graduated from the corner
Y'all can play me for a motherfuckin' fool if you wanna
Street-smart and I'm book-smart
Could've been a chemist, 'cause I cook smart
Only thing can stop me is me, hey
And I'ma stop when the hook start, hold up

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, Black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

[Song 29: Why I Love You]
151 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEnglishSvenskaEnglishWhy I Love You Lyrics“Why I Love You” is the closing song of Watch the Throne. It deals with betrayal and the question of how you can keep admiring someone despite what they do to you.
Though names aren’t actually mentioned, you… Read More 
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Picture, if you will, that the throne's burning
Rome's burning, and I'm sitting in the corner all alone, burning
Why does it always end up like this?
Something that we don't determine
Same people that I fought for, that I fight for, that I ride for
That I live for, that I die for
Be the reason that these niggas is alive for
And they want me dead, but I'm sorry, but I just can't die for you
But I can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you
We waiting for the fireworks like July 4th
Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
When the grief is over, beef is over
I'll be fly when Easter's over
I tried to teach niggas how to be kings
And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
So when love is gone 'til blood is drawn
'Cause we no longer wear the same uniform
Fuck you, squares, the circle got smaller
The castle got bigger, the walls got taller
And truth be told, after all that said
Niggas still got love for you

Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces 'fore you swept on it
Goddamn, this shit leaves a mess, don't it?
Shit feelin' like death, don't it?
Charge it to the game, whatever's left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly, pelican, fly, turn the jets on it
But first I shall digress on it
Wasn't I a good king?
Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?
Didn't I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to?
Huh, I gave you my loyalty
Made you royalty and royalties
Took care of these niggas' lawyer fees
And this is how niggas rewarded me, damn

Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

Bussin' at me, b-b-b-bussin' at me
But I'm bulletproof, bitch, you can't get nothin' past me
Got body armor
A nigga gotta watch the throne
And I'm bussin' back
So niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
What do you do when the love turn to hate?
Gotta separate from these fuckin' fakes
Caesar didn't see it, so he ceased to exist
So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Am I my brother's keeper?
Only if that nigga don't creep up
Got a pistol under my pillow
I've never been a deep sleeper
P-P-P-Paranoia, 'cause the nigga that said he'll
Blast for ya is now blastin' for ya
That's an assassin for ya
These niggas got a shot, they'll shoot
Please Lord, forgive him
For these niggas not know what they do, ooh

[Song 30: Bam]
201 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolSvenskaPortuguêsBam LyricsIn contrast to “Kill Jay Z” which features Jay seeking to kill his ego, “Bam” finds him acknowledging its importance to his success. The patois word that gives the song its title is generally used as an… Read More 
Now greetings to the world
Gangsta nuh live in a tenement yard
Rude boy nuh live in a tenement yard
Too much watchy, watchy, watchy
Too much su, su, su, su, su
Them chatty, chatty, chatty
Them su, su, su, su, su
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga, HOV

Shawn was on that gospel shit
I was on the total fuckin' opposite
Shit, stuff a million dollars in the sock drawer
That's a war chest in case you need your chest knocked off
Y'all be talkin' crazy under them IG pictures
So when you get to hell you tell 'em Blanco sent ya
I can't take no threats, I got a set of twins (Ah)
Those were just some words you'll never hear again (Uh huh)
For the final time you don't believe these fools
I've never seen a worker rock so many jewels (Never)
I've never seen the runner with so many cars (Never)
Y'all couldn't stop me, you're not as tough as you say you are
My advice is just don't be too nice to niggas
Just set your price on niggas and live your life, my nigga
Once upon a time in the projects
Shawn was in flight mode, I bought a Pyrex
I was in fight mode and now it's "Fuck me, mijo"
I was movin' them kilos, help you move your peoples
Sometimes you need your ego, gotta remind these fools
Who they effin' with, and we got FN's too
Before we had A&R's, we had AR's too
We the only ones really movin' like y'all say y'all do
We still movin' like y'all niggas say y'all did
Emory passed you niggas and he did a bid
Ty Ty jumped over niggas and he's like 5'6"
Got the heart of a giant, don't you ever forget
Don't you never forget, Jigga got this shit poppin'
I pulled out the pot when we was outta options

Gangsta nuh live in a tenement yard
Rude boy nuh live in a tenement yard
Too much watchy, watchy, watchy
Them su, su, su, su, su
Too much chatty, chatty, chatty
And them su, su, su, su, su
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga, HOV
Put that drum in your ear, don't get Srem'd
I'll Bobby Shmurda anybody you heard of
Niggas could not be further, I fathered your style
Birth of a Nation, Nat Turner style
Uh, y'all make me turn up all this talkin' down
Uh, niggas is skippin' leg-day just to run they mouth
I be skippin' leg day, I still run the world
I pressed ahead of your team with one finger curled
I'll line you all up with one finger wave
Make niggas weave, niggas is out here fake
Laced front to the back, don't front
Y'all gonna make me wig, I'ma give y'all what you want, uh

Gangsta nuh live in a tenement yard
Dreadlocks nuh live in a tenement yard
Too much watchy, watchy, watchy
And them su, su, su, su, su
Too much chatty, chatty, chatty
And them su, su, su, su, su
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga, HOV

Can't you see it's my ambition
I come to nice up the whole nation
What a bam bam yeah, Lord
And mi seh what a bam bam (Do it, Jay!)
Can't you see it's my ambition
I come to nice up the whole nation
What a bam bam, what a bam bam
I don't give a God damn, I don't give a God damn
When mi come a dance and mi spliff and Guinness
Yow, crowd of people–go and mind yuh business
This a hunting season, mek I tell you hunting season
Well, I tell ya something season, yow this a hunting season
Cake and dumpling season, spinners and dumpling season
Don't play by the king, love is all I and I bring you know
Voice of the one pon gully banking
Top ranking, keep it skanking
Ooh wee, huh, hear me now

[Song 31: Young Forever]
99 ContributorsYoung Forever LyricsOver a sample of Alphaville’s “Forever Young,” Jay-Z contemplates his place in the rap game and whether or not he’ll be around forever in our memories.
It also is a play on one of his many aliases, Young… Read More 
Let's dance in style, let's dance for a while
Heaven can wait, we're only watching the skies
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?
Let us die young or let us live forever
We don't have the power but we never say never
Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip
The music's for the sad men

Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever? (Uh)
Forever young (Young), I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
(Ayy, may the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young
(But we ain't even thinkin' that far, ya know what I mean?)

So we living life like a video (Video)
Where the sun is always out and you never get old
And the champagne's always cold and the music's always good
And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood
And they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car
Without a wrinkle in today 'cause there's no tomorrow
Just a picture-perfect day that last a whole lifetime
And it never ends 'cause all we have to do is hit rewind
So let's just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine
Reminisce, talk some shit, forever young is in your mind
Leave a mark they can't erase, neither space nor time
So when the director yells cut, I'll be fine
I'm forever young

Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young

Fear not when, fear not why, fear not much while we're alive
Life is for living, not living uptight, 'til you're somewhere up in the sky
Fear not die, I'll be alive for a million years, bye bye's
Are not for legends, I'm forever young, my name shall survive
Through the darkest blocks, over kitchen stoves, over Pyrex pots
My name shall be passed down to generations
While debating up in barbershops
Young slung, hung here, showed that a nigga from here
With a little ambition, just what we can become here (Yeah)
And as the father pass the story down to his son's ears
Young'll get younger every year, yeah
So if you love me, baby, this is how you let me know
Don't ever let me go, that's how you let me know, baby

Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young
(Just let it run)

Slamming Bentley doors, hopping outta Porsches
Popping up on Forbes' list, gorgeous (Hold up)
Niggas thought I lost it, they be talking bullshit
I be talking more shit, they nauseous (Hold up)
I'll be here forever, you know I'm on my fall shit
And I ain't with foreclosure, I will never forfeit
Less than four bars, Guru bring the chorus in
Did you get the picture yet?
I'm painting you a portrait of Young

Forever young, I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young

[Song 32: Heaven]
144 ContributorsTranslationsJAY-Z - Heaven (ft. Justin Timberlake) (Traduction Française)Heaven LyricsMuch like No Church In The Wild from the Kanye/Jigga collab LP Watch The Throne, this track explores themes of religion, philosophy and existential meaning.
This song was originally supposed to feature… Read More 

Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

Arm, leg, leg, arm, head – this is God body
Knowledge, wisdom, freedom, understanding, we just want our equality
Food, clothing, shelter, help a nigga find some peace
Happiness for a gangsta, ain't no love in these streets
Conspiracy theorist screaming Illuminati
They can't believe this much skill is in the human body
He's 6'2", how the fuck he fit in a new Bugatti?
Aw, fuck it, you got me
Question religion, question it all
Question existence until them questions are solved
Meanwhile this heretic, I be out in Marrakesh
Morocco smoking hashish with my fellowship
Y'all dwell on devil shit, I'm in a Diablo
Yellow shit, color of Jell-O shit
Hello bitch, it's me again
Fresh in my Easter clothes feeling like Jesus and

Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

That's me in the corner, that's me in the spotlight
Losing my religion, losing my religion

Getting ghost in the Ghost, can you see me? Can you see me?
Have mercy on a Judas, angel wings on a 'ghini
I'm secular, tell the hecklers seckle down
Y'all religion creates division like my Maybach partition
And God is my chauffeur, boy they love Hova
From the south side of Chi to Brooklyn where I growed up
I confess, God in the flesh
Live among the serpents, turn arenas into churches
I'm like Michael, recycle, these are not 16's
These are verses from the Bible
Tell that preacher he's a preacher, I'm a motherfuckin' prophet
Smoke a tree of knowledge, drink from a gold chalice
You gotta love it, I arrive at the pearly gates
I had luggage, meaning I had baggage
Niggas asking me questions, I don't answer to these busters
Only God could judge us, motherfuckers, uh

Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

Heaven or Hell, the cards we been dealt
Are the cards that we play, play, play
Die for what you believe, only one god recedes
When the shots spray, spray, spray

[Song 33: BBC]
157 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisBBC LyricsOne of the most anticipated tracks off of MCHG
includes rapper Nas. This has been their fourth musical collaboration following their 5 year beef. Earlier collaborations include “Black Republican” “Do it for… Read More 
億万長者少年倶楽部
My moth
Uh! Let's work!
Afucker is a billionaire mothafucker (Let's work! Talk to me, youlet's work!)
Where  heard ta at?!
That shit
I said my mothafucka is a billionaire mothafucker (Let's work! Where you at?! Let's work!)
Where you from?! Let's work!

Let's work
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire (Oh!)
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire nigga!
From the coca leafs to the farmers
To the polo fleece to the bombers
R.I.P. to Gianni
Now we on our way
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire

Bally shoes, Gucci sneakers
Pharrell's a pharaoh, peep the features
Unlaced Adidas
Top of the world like pyramids in Giza
Fila sweats, 88 I rocked a mock neck
Carried a nine in my projects
Bucket hat EPMD cassettes
Now I'm smoking loud in Ibiza
Mix the D'USSE with the reefer
My whole life is leisure
Gangsta lean like the Pisa
Eiffel Tower, Hermés towel
The Feds is perched like an owl
Real niggas all feel the hook

Let's work
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire nigga!
From the coca leafs to the farmers
To the polo fleece to the bombers
R.I.P. to Gianni
Now we on our way
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire

What you know about going out, head west
Maybach, 3 TV's all up in the headrest
Mace niggas at Madison Square Garden
20 million sold and we still catching charges
Rope chains, Rakim and Eric B
Bought my sidekicks Suzuki Jeeps and Cherokees
Hoop earrings, coupes with the rear cameras
Put that bitch in a cherry M3
I'm not your average dope dealer
Silver Toyota 4Runner's a four-wheeler
Me and Teflon Q45 infinite
Windows tinted, white girl all in it
Britney, bitch
MCM seats buck 50 stitch
Versace plates got the Basquiat
Collab from Versace's place
Cuban link 5 kilo
Your life is illegal when your chain can get the rico
Real niggas all feel the hook

Let's work
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire nigga!
From the coca leafs to the farmers
To the polo fleece to the bombers
R.I.P. to Gianni
Now we on our way
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire

자기 신발 끝내주는데
자기 돈 좀 많나봐
자기 스타일 진짜 멋있다
백만장자 소년들의 모임

[Song 34: Beach Is Better (Interlude)]
64 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisBeach Is Better (Interlude) LyricsThe 12th track off of Jay-Z’s highly anticipated Magna Carter Holy Grail.

Producer Mike Will Made It breaks it down:
Hit ya ass on the celly, 'cause I ain't got time
To be arguing with your ass, if you ain't really ready
Girl, why you never ready? For as long as you took
You better look like Halle Berry... Or Beyoncé
Shit, then we getting married
I brought sand to the beach 'cause my beach is better
You can keep ya beach 'cause that beach whatever
Started out at The Darby, ended up at 1 Oak
Left the house with 100 grand, ended up near broke
Don't get mad at me, I'm buying bucket after bucket
When it's gone I'm like "Fuck it"
I replace it with another one
Can't take this money with you
Burn this shit up like I'm Richard
Niggas asking "Is the oven on?"

[Song 35: Crown]
126 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisCrown Lyrics“Crown” is a triumphant track from Magna Carta… Holy Grail that sees Jay-Z declaring himself the king of hip-hop music. The song marks the first official collaboration between Jay-Z and fellow rapper Travis… Read More 
They can't keep a good man down
Always keep a smile when they want me to frowns
Keep the vibes and they stood my grounds
They will never ever take my crown
Who Jah bless I say no man curse
Things gettin' better when they thought it would be worse
Here comes the officers askin' for a search
They found no weapon just only a draw of herbs

You in the presence of a king
Scratch that, you in the presence of a God
Put in the belly of the beast
I escaped, a nigga never had a job
Scott Boras, you over baby
Robinson Cano, you coming with me
These niggas like rotary phones
It's a new day, hit up KD
Niggas always try to knock a nigga down
Knock me to my knees about a million times
Uncle said I'll never sell a million records
I sold a million records like a million times
These niggas shouldn't let me in
I ball so hard on ESPN
See my name come across on CNN
'bout 6 minutes, you gonna see it again
'bout 6 minutes, you gonna see me again

Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of your history
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of they history

If Fear is your only God
Get y'all to fear me is my only job
Crown, crown
Crown, crown

Bulletproof glass, glass roof like the Pope
Bulletproof love, niggas down since the yolk
Bitch asked if I was God, fuck I'm supposed to say? No?
You already seen me turn a man to a GOAT
You already know what I could do with the coke
Dropped it in the water, made it disappear
I made it reappear, I had that bitch on a rope
I make my roof get ghost, bottom grill, I make my tooth get gold
All the shit I did, I wasn't supposed to live, Hallelujah Hov
Wasn't for the 'caine wouldn't be able
Wasn't for the bread, probably be dead
Best friends become ya enemies, niggas' knives are double-edged

Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of your history
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of they history

[Song 36: Somewhereinamerica]
117 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisSomewhereinamerica LyricsThis song is about racism still being alive in America, but “Somewhereinamerica” there are people of all races embracing African American culture. As Hov has said before, it is harder to teach racism when… Read More 
See what you made me do?

Shout out to old Jews and old rules
New blacks with new stacks
I already been the king
Retro act, I'm just bringing it back like Jordan Packs
New money, they looking down on me
Blue bloods they trying to clown on me
You can turn up your nose high society
Never gone turn down the homie
Knock knock I'm at your neighbor house
Straight cash I bought ya neighbor out
You should come to the housewarming
Come and see what your new neighbor 'bout (SKIRRRRR!)
Yellow Lambo in the driveway
A buck thirty-five, I'm on the highway
Frank Sinatra on my Sonos
Loud as fuck, I did it my way
A million sold before the album dropped
White Lexus before I had a deal
Ask Bun B about me
This ain't no snap back, a nigga been trill
By the way, fuck your mag
You ain't gotta count it my nigga I can add
1 million, 2 million, 3 million, 20 million
Oh, I'm so good at math
Might crash ya Internet
And I ain't even into that
When I was talking Instagram
Last thing you wanted was your picture snapped
Feds still lurking
They see I'm still putting work in
Cause somewhere in America
Miley Cyrus is still twerkin'

Twerk, twerk (Miley, Miley)
Only in America

[Song 37: D’Evils]
166 ContributorsD’Evils LyricsA meditation about how the desire for money and power corrupts the ghetto and all of its inhabitants, leading to violence and betrayal.
The song title means “da evils” but is spelled similar to “devils,”… Read More 

"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

This shit is wicked on these mean streets
None of my friends speak, we're all tryna win
But then again, maybe it's for the best though
'Cause when they're seein' too much
You know they're tryna get you touched
Whoever said illegal was the easy way out
Couldn't understand the mechanics
And the workings of the underworld, granted
Nine-to-five is how you survive, I ain't tryna survive
I'm tryna live it to the limit and love it a lot
Life ills poisoned my body, I used to say fuck mic skills
I never prayed to God, I prayed to Gotti
That's right, it's wicked – that's life, I live it
Ain't askin' for forgiveness for my sins, ends
I break bread with the late heads
Pickin' their brains for angles on all the evils that the game'll do
It gets dangerous, money and power is changin' us
And now we're lethal, infected with D'evils

"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

We used to fight for building blocks
Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killin'
The closest of friends when we first started
But grew apart as the money grew and soon grew black-hearted
Thinkin' back when we first learned to use rubbers
He never learned, so in turn I'm kidnappin' his baby's mother
My hand around her collar, feedin' her cheese
She said the taste of dollars was shitty, so I fed her fifties
About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced
I kept feedin' her money 'til her shit started to make sense
Who could ever foresee?
We used to stay up all night at slumber parties
Now I'm tryna rock his bitch to sleep
All the years we were real close
Now I see his fears through her tears
Know she's wishin' we were still close
Don't cry, it is to be
In time I'll take away your miseries and make it mine
D'evils

"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

My flesh no nigga could test, my soul is possessed
By D'evils in the form of diamonds and Lexuses
The Exorcist got me doin' sticks
Like, "Homie, you don't know me
But the whole world owe me, strip!"
Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fuckin' life
So now I'm down for whatever, ain't nothin' nice
Throughout my junior high years it was all friendly
But now this higher learning got the Remy in me
Liquor's invaded my kidneys
Got me ready to lick off – Momma, forgive me
I can't be held accountable, D'evils beatin' me down, boo
Got me runnin' with guys, makin' G's, tellin' lies that sound true
Come test me, I never cower
For the love of money, son, I'm givin' lead showers
Stop screamin', you know the demon said it's best to die
And even if Jehovah witness, bet he'll never testify
D'evils

"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

[Song 38: New Day]
145 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsNew Day LyricsProduced by Kanye West and RZA, this song samples Nina Simone’s “Feeling Good.” It is an uncharacteristically personal and emotional song from Jay Z, in which both rappers speak to their unborn sons in a… Read More 

Yeah, uh
Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Me and the RZA connect
Breeze driftin' on by
Yeah, me and the RZA connect
Breeze driftin' on by
Uh
It's a new life for me, yeah
It's a new dawn, it's a new day
It's a new life for me, ooh
Uh
And I'm feeling good
Yeah, uh

And I'll never let my son have an ego
He'll be nice to everyone wherever we go
I mean, I might even make him be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I'll never let him leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwinds
And I'll never let him ever hit the telethon
I mean, even if people dyin' and the world ends
See, I just want him to have an easy life, not like Yeezy life
Just want him to be someone people like
Don't want him to be hated all the time, judged
Don't be like your daddy that'd never budge
And I'll never let him ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain't the place to get love
And I'll never let his mom move to LA
Knowin' she couldn't take the pressure, now we all pray

Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by
Breeze driftin' on by
It's a new life for me, yeah
Me and the RZA connect
It's a new life for me, ooh
Me and the RZA connect
And I'm feeling good
Yeah

Sorry, junior, I already ruined ya
'Cause you ain't even alive, paparazzi pursuin' ya
Sins of a father make your life ten times harder
I just wanna take ya to a barber
Bondin' on charters, all the shit that I never did
Teach you good values so you cherish it
Took me twenty-six years to find my path
My only job is cut the time in half
So at thirteen, we'll have our first drink together
Black bar mitzvahs, mazel tov, mogul talk
Look a man dead in his eyes
So he know you talk truth when you speak it
Give your word, keep it
And if the day comes I only see him on the weekend
I just pray we was in love on the night that we conceived him
Promise to never leave him even if his mama tweakin'
'Cause my dad left me and I promise never repeat him
Never repeat him, never repeat him

Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by
Breeze driftin' on by
It's a new life for me, yeah
It's a new dawn, it's a new day
It's a new life for me, ooh
And I'm feeling good
Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
It's a new life for me, yeah
It's a new dawn, it's a new day
It's a new life for me, ooh
And I'm feeling
Birds flyin' high, you know how I feel

[Song 39: Numb / Encore]
83 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschNumb / Encore LyricsA mash-up between Jay-Z’s “Encore“ and Linkin Park’s “Numb“ from the MTV Mash Ups show. They both enjoyed it so much they released a full EP of 6 songs, of which this was the most successful.
At that point… Read More 
Yeah
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind! (Whoo!)
Ah, uh, whoo, yeah! Ready?
Whoo, whoo, whoo!
Let's go!

(Can I get a encore, do you want more?)
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boys
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Uh, uh, uh, uh (Yeah)
Now, what the hell are you waiting for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise

Get 'em Jay!

Who you know fresher than Hov? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back, yeah, hearin' me rap
Is like hearin' G Rap in his prime, I'm
Young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead
'Bout to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country but the blueberry still connect
On the low but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep!
Grand openin', grand closin'
Goddamn, your man Hov cracked the can open again
Who you gon' find doper than him?
With no pen, just draw off inspiration-tion
Soon you gon' see you can't replace him-him
With cheap imitations for these generations

Can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boys
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Uh, uh, uh, uh (Yeah)
Now, what the hell are you waiting for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise
What the hell are you waiting for?

Look what you made me do, look what I made for you
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you?
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you (Look how they wave to you)
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (Yeah)
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 45, it ain't to play games with you
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team
And I need you to remember one thing (One thing)
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales, to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore (Come on)

I'm tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
And every second I waste is more than I can take

I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired, so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
I've become so numb
Can I get a encore? Do you want more? (More, more, more)
I've become so numb
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
One last time I need y'all to roar

[Song 40: Hard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem)]
126 ContributorsHard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem) LyricsThe song that made Jay-Z a superstar. Famously sampling “It’s a Hard Knock Life” from the Annie movie (1982), Jay raps about his rags-to-riches story (it’s slightly different than Annie’s). Jay-Z transposes… Read More 

Take the bass line out
Uh-huh, Jigga
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah
Let it bump though

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

From standin' on the corners, boppin'
To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
From droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke Glock
Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when y'all niggas know me to fail? Fuck naw
Where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bust shots
And if you with me, mama, rub on your tits, and what-not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, you must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50/50, uh-huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh
And sip the Cris' and get pissy-pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby!
You know it's hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter, nigga, Volume 2
Y'all niggas get ready!

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

I flow for those 'dro'ed out
All my niggas locked down in the 10 by four, controllin' the house
We live in hard knocks
We don't take over, we borrow blocks
Burn 'em down and you can have it back
Daddy, I'd rather that
I flow for chicks wishin', they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
I see your vision, mama
I put my money on the longshots
All my ballers that's born to clock
Know I'ma be on top whether I perform or not
I went from lukewarm to hot
Sleepin' on futons and cots to King Size
Green machines, to green 5's
I've seen pies, let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
Then I put it down type Braille
I'm tight grill with the phony
Rappers, y'all might feel we homies
I'm like, "Still, y'all don't know me."
Shit, I'm tight grill when my situation ain't improvin'
I'm tryna murder everything movin' – feel me?

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!
It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes
Got a lotta beef, so logically, I prey on my foes
Hustlin' is still inside of me, and as far as progress
You'd be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and y'all lamed out
Didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
So I stretched the game out, etched your name out
Put Jigga on top and dropped albums non-stop for ya, nigga!

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

[Song 41: Can I Get A…]
78 ContributorsCan I Get A… Lyrics“Can I Get A…” features Jay-Z, almost counter-intuitively, letting women know that money can’t buy love. Under producer Irv Gotti’s watchful eye Hov employs new Roc-A-Fella Records signee Amil to respond to… Read More 
What?
Well, fuck you...bitch
Now can you bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me?
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me?
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me? Ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me? Ye-ye-yeah
Uh-huh, uh-huh, bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me?
Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Get it!

Can I hit in the mornin' without givin' you half of my dough?
And even worse, if I was broke would you want me?
If I couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings
Bitches kill for, would you still roll?
If we couldn't see the sun risin' off the shore of Thailand
Would you ride then? If I wasn't driving
If I wasn't a eight-figure nigga by the name of Jigga
Would you come around me, or would you clown me?
If I couldn't flow futuristic, would ya
Put your two lips on my wood and kiss it? Could ya
See yourself with a nigga working hard at a nine to five
Ten to six, two jobs to survive, or
Do you need a baller? So you can shop and tear the mall up
Brag, tell your friends what I bought ya
If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low
Baby girl, if this is so, yo

Can I get a "fuck you" –
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough?
Can I get a "woop woop" –
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs?
Can I get a "fuck you" –
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough?
Can I get a "woop woop" –
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs?

Now can you bounce wit me? uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me?
Uh uh.. Major Coinz, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me?
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh

You ain't gotta be rich, but fuck that
How we gonna get around on your bus pass?
Before I put this pussy on your mustache –
Can you afford me?
My niggas breadwinners, never corny
Ambition makes me so horny
Not the fussin' and the frontin'
If you got nothing, baby boy, you better
Get up, get out and get some – shit
I like a–lot of Prada, Alizé and vodka
Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up
Get it up, I put it down e'rytime it pop up, huh
I got to snap 'em, let it loose, then I knock ya
Feel the juice, then I got ya–when you produce a rock
I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa
My–coochie remains in a Gucci name
Never test my patience, nigga, I'm high maintenance
High class, if you ain't rollin', bypass
If you ain't holdin', I dash, yo

Can I get a "fuck you" –
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough?
Can I get a "woop woop" –
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs?
Can I get a "fuck you" –
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough?
Can I get a "woop woop" –
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs?

Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me?
Uhh
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me?
Uhh!
Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah
Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me?
UHH!
Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh! Yeah
It ain't even a question–how my dough flows
I'm good to these bad hoes
Like my puss wet and they don't dry, like damp clothes
What y'all niggas don't know – it's e–asy to pimp a hoe
Bitches better have my money – fo' sho'
Before they go runnin' they mouth, promotin' how
I be dickin', they–back out, go 'head, let it out
I fucks with my gat out, bounce, and leave a hundred
Makin' 'em feel slutted, even if they don't want it
It's been so long
Since I met a chick ain't about chips, but then I'm dead wrong
When I tell 'em, "be gone"
So hold on to the feelin' of flossin' and plat-num
'Cause from now on, you can witness Ja the i-con
With hoodies and Timbs on, 'cause I thugs my bitches
VV studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggas
I'm talkin' 'bout straight figures, if you here, get with us
If not – boo, you know what? I still fucked you

Can I get a "fuck you" –
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough?
Can I get a "woop woop" –
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs?
Can I get a "fuck you" –
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough?
Can I get a "woop woop" –
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs?

Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me?
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Bounce, bitch, bounce.. wit me wit me wit me wit me
Can ya bounce wit me wit me?
Ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh
Can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me?
Geyeah

[Song 42: Dead Presidents II]
178 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoEnglishDead Presidents II Lyrics“Dead Presidents II” is all about getting money that has drawings of dead presidents on it (and/or Benjamin Franklin & Alexander Hamilton, who were not ever President, but whatever…)
In an interview with… Read More 

Presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

Rock on, Roc-A-Fella y'all
The saga continues (What the fuck?)

Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch lettuce?
Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous, all the et ceteras
To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine
You feel the ambiance, y'all niggas just rhyme
By the ounce, dough accumulates like snow
We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show, you feel me?
Factions from the other side would love to kill me
Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat
Fuck 'em, they hate a nigga lovin' his life
In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin' my life
Hospital days, reflectin' when my man laid up
On the Uptown hot block, he got his side sprayed up
I saw his life slippin', this is a minor setback
Yo, still in all we livin', just dream about the get-back
That made him smile, though his eyes said, "Pray for me"
I'll do you one better and slay these niggas faithfully
Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process (Mm)
And I ain't got nothin' but time
I had near brushes, not to mention
Three shots, close range, never touched me, divine intervention
Can't stop I, from drinkin' Mai-Tai's, with Ty-Ty
Down in Nevada, haha, poppa, word life
I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight
Partner, I'm still spendin' money from '88, what?

Presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

Yeah, know what?
I'll make, you and your wack mans fold like bad hands
Roll like Monopoly, advance
You're coppin' me like white crystal
I gross the most at the end of the fiscal year than these niggas can wish to
The dead presidential candidate
With the sprinkles and the Presidential ice that'll offend you
In due time when crime flees my mind
All sneak thieves and player haters can shine
But until then, I keep the trilliant cut diamonds shinin' brilliant (Uh)
I'll tell you half the story, the rest, you fill it in
Long as the villain win
I spend Japan yen, attend major events
Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin'
J-A-Y hyphen, controllin', manipulatin'
I got a good life, man, pounds and pence
'Nough dollars make sense
While you ride the bench, catch me swingin' for the fence
Dead presidents, ya know? Uh-huh

Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

Haha, yeah (Haha) yeah, so be it
The Soviet, the Unified steady flow
You already know, you light, I'm heavy, roll heavy dough
Mic-macheted your flow
Your paper falls slow like confetti, mine's a steady grow, perico
Pay 580 for blow, better believe I have 1160 to show
My dough flip like Tae-Kwon
Jay-Z the icon, baby, you like Dom?
Maybe this Cristals'll change your life, huh? Roll with the winners
Heavy spinners like hit records, Roc-A-Fella
Don't get it corrected, this shit is perfected
From chips to chicks to strippin' in Lexus
Naked without your gun, we takin' everything you brung
We cakin', you niggas is fakin', we gettin' it done
Crime family, well-connected, Jay-Z
And you fake thugs is unplugged like MTV
I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure
Dead presidentials, politics as usual—Blaow!

Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

[Song 43: Marcy Me]
182 ContributorsTranslationsSvenskaPortuguêsMarcy Me LyricsOn this song, JAY-Z reminisces on his days as a hustler in Marcy Houses in Brooklyn and pays homage to Marvin Gaye’s “Mercy Me”.
The song features long-time JAY-Z collaborator The-Dream on the outro, which… Read More 
Yah
Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant
The livest one representin' BK to the fullest
Bastards duckin' when Hov be buckin'
Chicken-heads be cluckin'

Uh, back when ratchet was a ratchet and a vixen was a vixen
And Jam Master Jay was alive, I-I, I was mixin'
Cookin' coke in the kitchen
Back when Rodman was a Piston
Mike was losin' to Isiah, but he soon would get his sixth one
Gave birth to my verbal imagination
Assume a virtue if you have not
Or better yet here's a verse from Hamlet
"Lord, we know who we are
Yet we know not what we may be"
So maybe I'm the one or maybe I'm crazy
I'm from Marcy Houses, where the boys die by the thousand
Back when Pam was on Martin
Yeah, that's where it all started
When Denzel was blottin' carpet, I'll pack a nine millimeter
When Slick Rick made "Mona Lisa"
When Lisa Bonet was Beyoncé of her day, I had divas, y'all
Think I just popped up in this bitch like a fetus? Nah
Pregnant pause, give you some second thoughts
There's room on the bandwagon, don't abort
Marcy me

Marcy me
Streets is my artery, the vein of my existence
I'm the Gotham City heartbeat
I started in lobbies, now parley with Saudis
I'm a Sufi to goofies, I could prolly speak Farsi
That's poetry, reek of coca leaf in my past
Came through the bushes smellin' like roses
I need a trophy just for that
Old Brooklyn, not this new shit, shit feel like a spoof
Fat laces in your shoe, I'm talkin' bustin' off the roof, uh
Hold a Uzi vertical, let the thing smoke
Y'all flirtin' with death, I be winkin' through the scope
Shout out to all the murderers turned murals
Plural, fuck the Federal Bureau
Shout out to Nostrand Ave., Flushing Ave., Myrtle
All the County of Kings, may your ground stay fertile
Shout out to Big Poppa, Daddy Kane, heroes
Thus concludin' my concerto
Marcy me

Must be in the air
Oh, can't walk away, I know, I know
Just the way I'm raised
I know, I know, I know
Oh Marcy, Marcy me
Just the way I am always gonna be
I ain't gonna change, no
Marcy, Marcy me, just the way I am
I ain't gonna change, no
I ain't gonna change, no (Como hás nome, cavaleiro?)
Couldn't change me if I wanted to (Eu hei nome Todo o Mundo)
You couldn't change me if you wanted to (E meu tempo)
I'ma take this with me to the moon

[Song 44: U Don’t Know]
113 ContributorsU Don’t Know LyricsIn “U Don’t Know” Jay-Z explains his monetary success in both the drug and rap games. Providing the blueprint for the marriage of soul-sampling and heavy bass, it is recognized as one of his best tracks.
… Read More 

Turn my music high, high, high, higher
(You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Sure, I do

I'm from the streets where the hood could swallow 'em and
Bullets'd follow 'em and
There's so much coke that you could run the slalom
And cops comb the shit top to bottom
And say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home
Where personalities clash and chrome meets chrome
The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street, holmes
But this is worse than the Dow Jones, your brains are now blown
All over that brown Brougham, one slip, you are now gone
Welcome to Hell, where you are welcome to sell
But when them shells come, you better return 'em
All scars, we earn 'em
All cars, we learn 'em like the back of our hand
We watch for cops hoppin' out the back of vans
Wear a G on my chest, I don't need Dapper Dan
This ain't a sewn outfit, holmes, holmes is about it
Was clappin' them flamers before I became famous
For playin' me, y'all shall forever remain nameless

I am Hov (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Sure I do

I tell you the difference between me and them
They tryin' to get they ones, I'm tryin' to get them M's
One million, two million, three million, four
In just five years, forty million more
You are now lookin' at the forty million boy
I'm rapin' Def Jam 'til I'm the hundred million man

R-O-C (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
That's where you're wrong

I came into this motherfucker hundred grand strong
Nine to be exact, from grindin' G-packs
Put this shit in motion, ain't no rewindin' me back
Could make forty off a brick, but one rhyme could beat that
And if somebody woulda told 'em that Hov would sell clothin'
Not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind
That's another difference that's between me and them
I smarten up, open the market up
One million, two million, three million, four
In eighteen months, eighty million more
Now add that number up with the one I said before
You are now lookin' at one smart Black boy
Mama ain't raise no fool
Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth, motherfucker

I will not lose (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Put somethin' on it

I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in Hell
I am a hustler, baby, I'll sell water to a whale
I was born to get cake, move on and switch states
Cop the coupe with the roof gone and switch plates
Was born to dictate, never follow orders, dick face
Get your shit straight, fucker, this is Big Jay

I— hahahaha (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Will not lose, ever
Fucker

[Song 45: La Familia]
88 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisLa Familia LyricsTrack 15 off of Jay-Z’s highly anticipated Magna Carta Holy Grail project.
"You're busy?"
"I wanna love you back, I, I wanna love you back, I, I wanna love you back, I love you back, the group of my fam."
Family first
Honor, integrity
R.O.C

Head of the family
El Padrino
Welcome home to Emory
Let's get back to this dinero

Niggas wanna kidnap wifey
Good luck with that bruh
You must gonna hide your whole family
What you think we wearing black for
Ready for that war, ready for that war, ready
You ain't ready yo, you radio, you ain't really ready
Real shit chyea, Alpo bought his bricks here
Elvis got his records took, it's like we got our seventh gear
NFL investigations, oh, don't make me laugh
FBI investigation, we stood up to that
Facts only, everything real in my raps only
Every nigga real in my clique really
Everyone's a movie star you got to film me
La familia

Head of the family
El Padrino
Welcome home to Emory
Let's get back to this dinero

Ready for that war
Ready for that war, ready
You ain't ready yo, you radio
You ain't really ready
Head of the Family
El Padrino

My brothers is my brother like my brother is
My niggas is my brother like my mother kids
Not just in good times, that's that sucka shit
But in war times, it's just what it is
Head of the family, all my niggas bosses though
Y'all don't understand we? We talk that shit bosses know
Triple fuckin' OG, what's up to my nigga Juan
Tell these niggas pull their fuckin' skirt down, I could see their ovaries
Niggas snitching switching teams, out here telling bitches things
Industry talk behind your back, ain't nobody got time for that
Facts only, everything real in my raps only
Every nigga real in my clique really
Even the girls keep it two hundred and trilly
It's la familia

Head of the family
El Padrino
Welcome home to Emory
Let's get back to this dinero

Ready for that war
Ready for that war, ready
You ain't ready yo, you radio
You ain't really ready
Head of the Family
El Padrino

[Song 46: Lucifer]
155 ContributorsLucifer Lyrics“Lucifer” is one of the stand-out tracks off of The Black Album, produced by JAY-Z’s friend and frequent collaborator, Kanye West.
This song heavily relies​ on religious and Biblical references, which can be… Read More 

Kanyeezy you did it again, you a genius, nigga!

Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(So you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)

Lord forgive him, he got them dark forces in him
But he also got a righteous cause for sinning
Them-a-murder me, so I gotta murder them first
Emergency, doctors performing procedures
Jesus, I ain't trying to be facetious, but
"Vengeance is mine" sayeth the Lord, you said it better than all
Leave niggas on death's door, breathing on
Respirators for killing my best boy, haters
On permanent hiatus as I skate
In the Maybach Benz, flyer than Sanaa Lathan
Pumping "Brown Sugar" by D'Angelo
In Los Angeles, like an evangelist
I can introduce you to your maker
Bring you closer to nature, ashes after they cremate you bastards
Hope you been reading your psalms and chapters
Paying your tithe, being good Catholics, I'm coming

Lucifer, Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
Lucifer, Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(So you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)

Yes, this is holy war, I wet y'all all with the holy water
Spray from the Heckler-Koch automatic
All the static, shall cease to exist
Like a sabbatical, I throw couple at you, take six!
Spread love, to all of my dead thugs
I pour out a little Louis, 'till I head above
Yessir, and when I perish, the meek shall inherit the Earth
'Til that time, it's on and popping, church
Like Don Bishop, the fifth or palm cock either
Lift up your soul or give you the holy ghost
Please I leave you in somebody's cathedral for stunting like Evel Knievel
I'll let you see where that bright light leads you
The more you talk, the more you irking us
The more you gon' need memorial services
The Black Album, second verse, is like
Devil's pie, save some dessert for us

Man, I gotta get my soul right
I gotta get these devils out my life
These cowards gonna make a nigga ride
They won't be happy 'til somebody die
Oh man, I gotta get my soul right
'Fore I'm locked up for my whole life
Every time it seems it's alright
Somebody want they soul to rise
I chase you off of this Earth
(Let me get serious for y'all, one second)

I got dreams of holding a nine milla to Bob's killer
Asking him "why?" as my eyes fill up
These days I can't wake up with a dry pillow
Gone but not forgotten, homes I still feel ya
So, curse the day that birthed the bastard
Who caused your church mass, reverse the crash
Reverse the blast then reverse the car
Reverse the day and there you are, Bobalob
Lord forgive him, we all have sinned
But Bob's a good dude, please let him in
And if you feel in my heart that I long for revenge
Please blame it on the son of the morning, thanks again

[Song 47: F.U.T.W]
139 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisF.U.T.W LyricsThe sample for this instrumental sounds similar to the sample in “OG” by Snoop Dogg & Wiz Khalifa.
Just let me be great
Let me be great
I feel like mothafuckin' Cassius Clay right now
Genius!
Don't be good my nigga, be great
After that government cheese, we eating steak
After the projects, now we on estates
I'm from the bottom, I know you can relate
Fuck up the world
Just fuck up this world
Fuck up the world

Me and destiny got a date
Martin had a dream, Hov got a team
My chain already heavy, don't let me get a ring
Parades down Flatbush, confetti on my fur
Turn right in Rutland, niggas heavy on the curb
See most my niggas died early twenties or late teens
I'm just trying to come from under the thumb of this regime
1% of a billion more than niggas even seen
Still they wanna act like it's an everyday thing, clean

Fuck up this world
Fuck up this world
Fuck up this world
Fuck up the, uhh

High Yellow sky dweller and the rose gold
Legend of the summer in the Rose Bowl
Came through Pasadena in the low-low
Just to show respect to the cholos
Feelin' like a stranger in my own land
Got me feeling like Brody in Homeland
I just want a shot to show my genius
Standing on the top hold my penis
America tried to emasculate the greats
Murdered Malcolm, gave Cassius the shakes
Wait, tell them rumble young man rumble
Try to dim your lights tell you be humble
You know I'm gon' shine like a trillion watts
You know a nigga trill as Michael Jackson socks
Sendin' light out to Compton and the hundred blocks
Lil bastard boy, basking on top

I fuck up this world
Just fuck up this world
Let's fuck up the world
Fuck up the, uhh

Sipping D'USSÉ boy this ain't your daddy yak
He in a Cadillac; me? I'm in the Maybach
This ain't grey sweat suits and white tube socks
This is black leather pants and a pair of Stance
Socks is my synopsis is clear
Got strip clubs feeling like Oxford, I swear
Teacher-teacher, I'm trying to unteach ya
All the shit they taught y'all, they got you all in the bleachers
When you front row at the Knicks game, those the Spike Lees
You front row everywhere, you in the H.O.V.'s
Jordan 1's and dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Make a million another million let my niggas make a million
'til we all check a billion, shit it's just the way I'm feeling
We have yet to see a ceiling, we just top what we top
Cause the bars don't struggle when the struggle don't stop

Just fuck up this world

[Song 48: Moment of Clarity]
117 ContributorsMoment of Clarity LyricsThis song, with beat by Eminem, shows Jay looking back on his life and career, and the roads taken – and not taken – therein

Woo! Geah, geah (Young) geah
Uhh, turn the music up, turn the lights down, I'm in my zone

Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths
Pop died, didn't cry, didn't know him that well
Between him doing heroin and me doing crack sales
With that in the eggshell, standing at the tabernacle
Rather the church, pretending to be hurt wouldn't work
So a smirk was all on my face
Like, "Damn, that man's face is just like my face"
So Pop, I forgive you for all the shit that I lived through
It wasn't all your fault, homie, you got caught
Into the same game I fought (Ugh), that Uncle Ray lost (Ugh)
My big brothers and so many others I saw
I'm just glad we got to see each other
Talk and re-meet each other
Save a place in Heaven 'til the next time we meet forever!

Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths

Music business hate me ‘cause the industry ain't make me
Hustlers and boosters embrace me and the music I be making
I dumb down for my audience and double my dollars
They criticize me for it, yet they all yell "holla"
If skills sold, truth be told, I'd probably be lyrically Talib Kweli
Truthfully I wanna rhyme like Common Sense
But I did 5 mill' – I ain't been rhyming like Common since (Woo!)
When your cents got that much in common
And you been hustling since your inception
Fuck perception! Go with what makes sense
Since I know what I'm up against
We as rappers must decide what's most important
And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them
So I got rich and gave back, to me that's the win-win
So next time you see the homie and his rims spin
Just know my mind is working just like them (Rims, that is)

Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths

My homie Sig' was on a tier where no tears should fall
‘Cause he was on the block where no squares get off
See, in my inner circle, all we do is ball
'Til we all got triangles on our wall
Ain't just rapping for the platinum, y'all record
I recall, ‘cause I really been there before (Woo)
Four scores and seven years ago, prepared the flow
Prepared for war, I should fear no man
You don't hear me though, these words ain't just paired to go
In one ear, out the other ear, no! (No)
Yo, my balls and my word is alls I have
What you gonna do to me, nigga? Scars'll scab
What, you gonna box me, homie? I can dodge a jab
Three shots couldn't touch me, thank God for that
I'm strong enough to carry Biggie Smalls on my back (Sup Big?)
And the whole BK, nigga, holla back! (C'mon)

Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths

[Song 49: Caught Their Eyes]
149 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolTürkçePortuguêsSvenskaCaught Their Eyes LyricsThis is the fourth track off of 4:44, featuring  Frank Ocean. Frank Ocean is no stranger to collaborating with JAY-Z as he previously appeared on “No Church in the Wild,” “Made in America,” “Oceans,” and most… Read More 
Ready for it
I'm ready for it
Yeah, ah

Eastside nigga with the feets high
Nigga with that Lisa, uh
Talkin' about that Lisa, nigga, with that Westside, nigga
With that Eastside, that dance, uh

Your eyes speak the truth when everything else lies
May pretend that we kin but the vibes don't fly
Bruh, I survived readin' guys like you
I'm surprised y'all think you can disguise y'all truths
I seen eyes wide as they're about to shoot
You can be a hairpin, off and you can trigger your roots
I wave to these haters, don't give me dap
You know the world can see just how phony you act, bruh
Y'all body language is all remedial
How could you see the difference between you and I?
My crash course was much tougher
Round friends who kill they friends
Then hug their friends' mothers
And show up at the funeral, complete with blank stares
Invisible ink, I had to read things that wasn't there
Memories may sneak down my cheek
But I could see a side-eye in my sleep

Ready for it, deep breath, fill up the void
Eyes, open them up, take off the coins
Still stingin' from tears, they try to see you
I'm ready for earth, ready for real
Solipsistic, admit it, I see you there
So it seems, so you seem (Uh-huh, yeah)
I can't tell if your image is just a flare (Yeah)
In my dreams, in my dreams (Ugh)

I sat down with Prince, eye to eye
He told me his wishes before he died
Now, Londell McMillan, he must be color blind
They only see green from them purple eyes
They eyes hide, they eyes high
My eyes wide shut to all the lies
These industry niggas, they always been fishy
But ain't no Biggie, no lazy eye, huh
This guy has "Slave" on his face
You think he wanted the masters with his masters?
You greedy bastards sold tickets to walk through his house
I'm surprised you ain't auction off the casket
Don't "big bro" me, don't "Big Homie"
I've seen pure admiration become rivals
I've been to Paris at least two times
I've seen the Eiffel, I've seen a eyeful

Ready for it, deep breath, fill up the void
Eyes, open them up, take off the coins
Still stingin' from tears, they try to see you
I'm ready for earth, ready for real
Solipsistic, admit it, I see you there
So it seems, so you seem
I can't tell if your image is just a flare
In my dreams, in my dreams

I've been out of touch for a couple years
I've been ready for this for real
Hopin' I can touch what I see
'Cause I've been ready for you, for real

Look, you've done enough
Have you no sense of decency, sir?
At long last, have you left no sense of decency?

Eastside nigga with the feets high
Nigga with that Lisa, uh
Talkin' about that Lisa, nigga, with that Westside, nigga
With that Eastside, uh

[Song 50: Encore]
127 ContributorsEncore LyricsJay-Z kills the jive turkeys like it’s Thanksgiving
The production features vocals by John Legend, Don Crawley, GLC and Kanye West – a family singalong
Kanye samples the trumpet intro to John Holt’s cover… Read More 

Thank you, thank you, thank you!
You're far too kind
Now, can I get a encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar
Now, what the hell are you waitin' for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise!

Who you know fresher than Hov? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back
Yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' G Rap in his prime
I'm Young H-O, rap's Grateful Dead
Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country, but the blueberry still connect
On the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep
Grand openin', grand closin'
Goddamn, your man Hov cracked the can open again
Who you gon' find doper than him?
With no pen, just draw off inspiration
Soon you gonna see you can't replace him
With cheap imitations for these generations

Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for?

Look what you made me do! Look what I made for you!
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yeah)
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team!
And I need you to remember one thing (One thing)
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream 'til your lungs get sore

Ow, it's star time
This man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man?
Well, if y'all want more of the Jigga man
Then I need y'all to help me bring him back to the stage
Say "Hova!", c'mon, say it!
Hova! Hova!
Are y'all out there? (Hova! Hova!)
Are y'all out there?
C'mon, louder!
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talking about
They love you, Jigga! They love you, Jigga!

I like the way this one feel
It's so motherfuckin' soulful, man!
(Woah, woah, woah)
Yeah, okay

So this here is the victory lap
Then I'm leavin', that's how you get me back
After a year of them 16's, it's 1.2
And that's 2.4, and I'm only doin' 2
You want in the game? Attention, new dudes
I can get you BET, and TRL, too
You want to be in the public, send your budget
Well, fuck it, I ain't budgin'
Young did it to death, you gotta love it
Record companies told me I couldn't cut it
Now look at me: all star-studded
Golfer above par like I putted
All ‘cause the shit I uttered was utterly ridiculous
How sick is this?
You want to bang, send Kanye change
Send Just some dust, send Hip a grip
Then you gotta spit a little somethin' like this

What the hell are you waiting for?

[Song 51: Heart of the City (Ain’t No Love)]
131 ContributorsHeart of the City (Ain’t No Love) LyricsKanye West samples “Ain’t no Love in the Heart of the City” by Bobby “Blue” Bland.
According to Complex, Jay wanted this to be the first single off The Blueprint.
Kanye stated in “Last Call” that he… Read More 
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov
What's up? Y'all niggas all fed up 'cause I got a little cheddar
And my record's movin' out the store?
Young fucks spittin' at me, young rappers gettin' at me
My nigga Big predicted this shit exactly
"Mo' Money, Mo' Problems," gotta move carefully
'Cause faggots hate when you gettin' money like athletes
Youngins ice-grillin' me, oh, you not feelin' me?
Fine, it cost you nothin', pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind, cousin, ain't got time for frontin'
Sensitive thugs, y'all all need hugs
Damn, little mans, I'm just tryna do me
If the record's two mil', I'm just tryna move three
Get a couple chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll ménage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, fuck, I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas, I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waitin' in the wing, but I'm doin' my thing
Where's the love?

Ain't no love in the heart of the city
I said where's the love?
Ain't no love in the heart of town (Yeah)

And then the Fugees gon' break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got somethin' to say
What's all the fuckin' fussin' for?
Because I'm grubbin' more?
And I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
Niggas pray and pray on my downfall
But every time I hit the ground, I bounce up like roundball
Now, I don't wanna have to kill soundboys
Don't wanna have to cock back the four-pound bar
Look, scrapper, I got nephews to look after
I'm not lookin' at you dudes, I'm lookin' past ya
I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper
Can I live?
I told you '96 that I came to take this shit and I did
Handle my biz, I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham, but the only thing runnin' is numbers, fam
Jigga held you down six summers, damn, where's the love?

Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Niggas, where's the love?
Ain't no love in the heart of town (Holla at me)
Ain't no love (Take 'em to church), in the heart of the city
Uh, uh, uh, uh, my nigga, where is the love?
Ain't no love in the heart of town (Fuck)

Then Richard Pryor go and burn up
And Ike and Tina Turner break up
Then I wake up to more bullshit
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful, you'll pull this shit
Nigga, I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talkin' to all of y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous, that's a female trait
What, you mad 'cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy bigger plates
Haha, and more baggies, why you all aggy?
Nigga, respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me shit
Where's the love?
Where's the love?

Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love

[Song 52: Glory]
82 ContributorsGlory LyricsA rare loosie from Jay-Z celebrating the birth of his and Beyoncé’s first child, Blue Ivy Carter. Here’s the download link for this heartfelt song.
Keep up with Blue Ivy through photos on the Tumblr page her… Read More 
The most amazing feeling I feel
Words can't describe the feeling, for real
Baby, I paint the sky blue
My greatest creation was you, you: Glory
Uh

False alarms and false starts (Uh)
All made better by the sound of your heart (Yeah)
All the pain of the last time
I prayed so hard it was the last time
Your mama said that you danced for her
Did you wiggle your hands for her?
Glory! Glory!
Glory! Sorry
Everything that I prayed for
God's gift, I wish I woulda prayed more
God makes no mistakes, I made a few
Rough sledding here and there, but I made it through
I wreak havoc on the world (Uh)
Get ready for part two
A younger, smarter, faster me
So a pinch of Hov, a whole glass of Bey

Glory, uh
Yeah, uh

The most amazing feeling I feel
Words can't describe the feeling, for real
Baby, I paint the sky blue (Uh)
My greatest creation was you

Your Grandpop died of nigga failure
Then he died of liver failure
Deep down, he was a good man
Goddamn, I can't deliver failure
Bad-ass lil' Hov
Two years old, shopping on Savile Row
Wicked-ass lil B
Hard not to spoil you rotten, looking like little me
The most beautifulest thing in this world
Is daddy's little girl
You don't yet know what swag is but you was made in Paris
And Mama woke up the next day and shot her album package
Last time, the miscarriage was so tragic
We was afraid you'd disappear, but nah, baby, you magic (Voilà!)
So there you have it, shit happens
Just make sure the plane you on is bigger than your carry-on baggage, uh
Everybody go through stuff
Life is a gift, love, open it up
You're a child of destiny
You're the child of my destiny
You're my child with the child from Destiny's Child
That's a hell of a recipe (Recipe)
Glory! Glory!
Glory! Sorry

Glory, uh
Yeah, uh

The most amazing feeling I feel
Words can't describe the feeling, for real
Baby, I paint the sky blue
My greatest creation was you
*baby noises*

[Song 53: Dead Presidents]
119 ContributorsDead Presidents Lyrics“Dead Presidents” was the first single released for Jay-Z’s debut album Reasonable Doubt. This version was used for the music video but didn’t make the cut for the album; however, its sequel “Dead Presidents… Read More 
Presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)

Rock.. on, Roc-A-Fella y'all

While others spit that Wonderama shit, me and my conglomerate
Shall remain anonymous, caught up in the finest shit
Live out my dreams until my heart give out
Involved with cream, you know exactly what this shit's about
Fuck y'all mean? Handlin' since a teen, I dish out
Like the point guard off your favorite team, without doubt
My life ain't rosy but I roll with it
My mind was fine till the dough hit it and told me that the Mo' did it
And now it's kosher, shit is so Hasidic
I blow a digit on a diamond in a minute but, no bitches
Watch how I'm walkin', 'cause even the thoroughest niggas be NARC'in
Tryin' to strike a bargain, hopin' that they might get pardoned
Shit I'm involved with got me pins and needles
And my cerebral breeds the wickedest evil, thoughts that this sport'll feed you
Peep facts, in the game so deep fiends could catch a
Freeze off my kneecap, can y'all believe that?
Got the city drinkin' Cristals, re-up the fee
Rappers goin' broke tryin' to keep up with me
My rise to riches surprised the bitches: think harder
You know this nigga: Jay-Z, Shawn Carter
G.S. the fuck up, dree-ess the fuck up
Watch me shine like a Breitling, Breguets the fuck up
All rhymers forget it like Alzheimer's
Small timers, I said it, I'm addressin' all drama
Talk to me!

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)

So sick of niggas
"I want money like Cosby" – who wouldn't?
This the kinda talk that make me think you probably ain't got no puddin'
Niggas got them kinda dreams from jail
You in the streets, nigga, make your moves, get your mail
Niggas'll coast in the SL but can't post bail
Niggas'll roast a L, but scared to throw your toast, well
I'm here to tell niggas it ain't all swell
There's heaven, then there's hell, niggas
One day you're cruisin' in your 7, next day, you're sweatin', forgettin' your lies
Alibis ain't matchin' up, bullshit catchin' up
Hit with the RICO, they repo your vehicle
Everything was all good just a week ago
'Bout to start bitchin', ain't you? Ready to start snitchin', ain't you?
I'll forgive your weak-ass: hustlin' just ain't you
Aside from the fast cars, honies that shake they ass at bars
You know you wouldn't be involved
With the underworld dealers, carriers of MAC-millers
East Coast bodiers, West Coast cap-peelers
Little monkey niggas turn gorillas
Stopped in the station, filled up on octane, and now they not sane
And not playin', that goes without sayin'
Slayin' day in and day out, when money play in, then they play you out
Tryin' to escape my own mind, lurkin' the enemy
Representin' infinity with presidencies, you know?

Dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead nikcuf presidents to represent me (Whose...)

[Song 54: Lost One]
92 ContributorsLost One LyricsJay-Z describes different situations in which he has lost something. The first verse is about losing his business partners, the second about a girlfriend, and the third about his nephew.
This song samples… Read More 
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh (It's not a diss song, it's just a real song)
Uh, uh (You feel me?)
I heard motherfuckers sayin' they made Hov
Made Hov say, "Okay, so? Make another Hov!"
Niggas wasn't playin' they day role
So we parted ways like Ben and J-Lo
I shoulda been did it but I been in a daze though
I put friends over business end of the day though
But when friends' business interests is Day Glow
Ain't nothin' left to say though, I guess we forgot what we came fo'
Shoulda stayed in food and beverage
Too much flossin', too much Sam Rothstein
I ain't a bitch but I gotta divorce them
Hov had to get the shallow shit up off him
And I ain't even want to be famous
Niggas is brainless to unnecessarily go through these changes
And I ain't even know how it came to this
Except that fame is the worst drug known to man
It's stronger than, heroin
When you could look in the mirror like, "There I am"
And still not see what you've become
I know I'm guilty of it too, but not like them; you lost one

Lose one, let go to get one (One, one, one)
Get one, lose some to win some (One, one, one, one, you lost one)
Story of a champion (One, one, one)
Sorry, I'm a champion, you lost one (One, one, one, one, uh)
I don't think it's meant to be, B
For she loves her work more than she does me
And honestly, at twenty-three
I would probably love my work more than I did she
So, we ain't we, it's me and her
'Cause what she prefers over me is work
And that's where we differ
So I have to give her free time, even if it hurts
So, breathe, mami, it's deserved
You've been put on this Earth to be all you can be like the Reserves
And me? My time in the army, it's served
So I have to allow she her time to serve
The time's now for her, in time she'll mature
And maybe we can be we again like we were
Finally, my time's too short to share
And to ask her now it ain't fair, so yeah, she lost one

Lose, one, let go to get one (One, one, one)
Get one, lose some to win some
One, one, one, oh yeah, she lost one
Story of a champion (One, one, one)
Sorry I'm a champion, you lost one (One, one, one)

My nephew died in the car I bought
So under the belief it's partly my fault
Close my eyes and squeeze, try to block that thought
Place any burden on me but please, not that, Lord
But time don't go back, it goes forward
Can't run from the pain, go towards it
Some things can't be explained, what caused it?
Such a beautiful soul, so pure, shit!
Gonna see you again, I'm sure of it
'Til that time, little man, I'm nauseous
Your girlfriend's pregnant, the Lord's gift
Almost lost my faith, that restored it
It's like havin' your life restarted
Can't wait for your child's life to be a part of it
So now I'm child-like, waitin' for a gift
To return, when I lost you, I lost it

Lose, one, let go to get one (One, one, one)
Get, one, lose some to win some
One, one, one, Colleek, I lost one
Story of a champion (One, one, one)
Colleek, you're a champion, I lost one (One, one, one)

[Song 55: Jay Z Blue]
79 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisJay Z Blue LyricsAbout his daughter Blue Ivy Carter. This is not the first song he’s written about her.
Note also that “Jay-Z Blue” is indeed a real color that Hov tried to trademark back in 2002.  True to form, it was… Read More 
“I work and work 'til I'm half-dead and I hear people saying
"She's getting old," and what do I get? A daughter
Who cares as much about the beautiful dresses I give her
As she cares about ME!”

Let's do this for these babies
Mercedes truck, fuck, houses on acres
Blatantly ballin' on HD
Y'all need to step up y'all AV
Life changed again I was already taking off
My flight changed again
Slight change of winds
It's barely 12 noon and my wife changed again
Baby need Pampers
Daddy need at least three weeks in the Hamptons
Please don't judge me, only hugged the block
I thought my daddy didn't love me
My baby getting chubby
Cue that Stevie Wonder music, aww, isn't she lovely?
Now I'm staring at her praying that things don't get ugly
And I'm stuck in that old cycle like wife leaves hubby
Fuck joint custody, I need a joint right now
Just the thought alone fucks with me

High on life
I could die from the fall, imagine if I hit the floor
Apologies in order to Blue Ivy my daughter
If it was up to me, you would be with me, sort of like daddy dearest

"Don't fuck with me fellas. This ain't my first time at the rodeo."

I dream filthy (My mom and pops)
Mixed me with Jamaican (Rum and whiskey, what a set off)
And I know I'm not perfect baby
I done been through so much trauma, it gonna be hard to reverse it
With some doctors and some nurses maybe
Teach me on how to treat a lady, open doors on the 'Cedes
This relationship shit is complicated
All I know if we ain't speaking everyday, I fucking hate it
I don't wanna duplicate it
I seen my mom and pop drive each other mothafuckin' crazy
And I got that nigga blood in me
I got his ego and his temper, all is missing is the drugs in me

High on life
I could die from the fall, imagine if I hit the floor
Apologies in order to Blue Ivy my daughter
If it was up to me, you would be with me, sort of like daddy dearest

"No... wire... hangers... EVER!"

Father never taught me how to be a father, treat a mother
I don't wanna have to just repeat another leave another
Baby with no daddy want no momma drama
I just wanna take her back to a time when everything was calmer
Out in Paris on a terrace watching the Eiffel Tower
And a Ferris wheel yet and still, nothing could prepare us
For the beauty that you be Blue be
Looking in your eyes is like a mirror, have to face my fears
Cheer up, why can't you just be happy
Without these back and forth thoughts, you too much like your daddy
Badly I just wanna spent more time with him
Sadly life wouldn't let me get around with him
Now I got my own daughter, taught her how to take her first steps
Cut the cord watch her take her first breath
And I'm trying and I'm lying if I said I wasn't scared
But in life and death if I ain't here

High on life
I could die from the fall, imagine if I hit the floor
Apologies in order to Blue Ivy my daughter
If it was up to me, you would be with me, sort of like daddy dearest

[Song 56: On To The Next One]
130 ContributorsOn To The Next One Lyrics“On to the Next One” is the fourth single from Jay-Z’s 2009 twelfth studio album The Blueprint 3. It peaked at #37 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #5 on the Billboard Rap Songs chart. The song’s themes mirror… Read More 
Under the spot, under the spot
I got a million ways to get it (uh-huh, geah)
... Choose one (choose one, hey)
Ay, bring it back, bring it back (uh-huh)
Now double your money and make a stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back the money please, hey

Hov' on that new shit, niggas like "How come?"
Niggas want my old shit, buy my old albums
Niggas stuck on stupid, I gotta keep it movin'
Niggas make the same shit, me, I make The Blueprint
Came in the Range, hopped out the Lexus
Every year since, I been on that next shit
Traded in the gold for the platinum Rolexes
Now a nigga wrist match the status of my records
Used to rock a throwback, ballin' on the corner
Now I rock a tailored suit, lookin' like a owner
No, I'm not a Jonas Brother, I'm a grown up
No, I'm not a virgin, I use my cojones
I move onward, the only direction
Can't be scared to fail in search of perfection
Gotta keep it fresh, girl, even when we sexin'
But don't be mad at him when it's on to the next one

Freeze, somebody bring me back some money please
I got a million ways to get it, choose one
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back some money please

Fuck a throwback jersey 'cause we on to the next one
And fuck that Auto-Tune 'cause we onnnnn
And niggas, don't be mad, cause it's all about progression
Loiterers should be arrested
I used to drink Cristal, them fuckers racist
So I switched gold bottles on to that Spade shit
You gon' have another drink or you just gon' baby-sit?
On to the next one, somebody call the waitress
Baby, I'm a boss, I don't know what they do
I don't get dropped, I drop the label
World can't hold me, too much ambition
Always knew it'd be like this when I was in the kitchen
Niggas in the same spot, me, I'm dodgin' raindrops
Meanin' I'm on vacay, chillin' on a big yacht
Yeah, I got on flip-flops, white Louie boat shoes
Y'all should grow the fuck up, c'mere let me coach you
Hold up

Freeze, somebody bring me back some money please
I got a million ways to get it, choose one
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back some money please

Uhh, Big Pimpin' in the house now
Bought the land, tore the muh'fuckin house down
Bought the car, tore the muh'fuckin roof off
Ride clean, I don't never take the shoes off
Bought the Jeep, tore the muh'fuckin doors off
Foot out that bitch, ride the shit like a skateboard
Navigation on, tryin' to find my next thrill
Feelin' myself, I don't even need a X pill
Can't chill but my neck will
Haters really gon' be mad off my next deal
Uhh, I don't know why they worry 'bout my pockets
Meanwhile, I had Oprah chillin' in the projects
Had her out in Bed-Stuy, chillin' on the steps
Drinkin' quarter waters, I gotta be the best
M.J. at Summer Jam, Obama on the text
Y'all should be afraid of what I'm gon' do next
Hold up

Freeze, somebody bring me back some money please
I got a million ways to get it, choose one
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back some money please

[Song 57: Girls, Girls, Girls]
122 ContributorsGirls, Girls, Girls Lyrics“Girls, Girls, Girls” is the second single from Jay-Z’s sixth studio album The Blueprint. The song gives a detailed, almost comical, description of the many women who play a part in Hov’s promiscuous… Read More 
Je t'adore, JAY-Z
Course I love you
I love all y'all
For real

I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour, yeah
I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam
So she call me cabron, plus maricon
Said she likes to cook rice, so she likes me home
I'm like, "Un momento, mami, slow up your tempo"
I got this Black chick, she don't know how to act
Always talkin' out her neck, makin' her fingers snap
She like, "Listen, Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap
You better R-E-S-P-E-C-T me"
I got this French chick that love to French kiss
She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist
Ma cherie amour, tu es belle
Merci, you're fine as fuck, but you giving me hell
I got this Indian squaw, the day that I met her
Asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather?
She said, "All you need to know is I'm not a ho
And to get with me, you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough"
Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, Indian, and Black
That's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn, I'm getting fat
Arroz con pollo, French fries and crêpes
An appetite for destruction, but I scrape the plate, I love

Girls, girls, girls, girls (Uh-huh)
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce-zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll, come on

I got this young chick, she so immature
She like, "Why you don't buy me Reeboks no more?"
Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor
Got to toss a couple dollars just to shut up her holla
Got a project chick that plays her part
And if it goes down, y'all, that's my heart
Baby girl so thorough, she been with me from the start
Hid my drugs from the narcs, hid my guns by the parts
I got this model chick that don't cook or clean
But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean
Only thing wrong with ma, she's always on the scene
Goddamn, she's fine, but she parties all the time
I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick
She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick
She gives me extra pillows and seat-back love
So I had to introduce her to the mile high club
Now that's young chick, stewardess, project, and model
That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tae Bo
That means I'm new-school, pop pills, and stay in beef
But I never have a problem with my first-class seat, I love

Girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce-zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll

I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house
A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out (What you doin', daddy?)
Got a chick from Peru that sniff Peru
She got a cousin at customs that gets shit through
Got this weed-head chick, she always catch me doing shit
Crazy girl, wanna leave me, but she always forgets
Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick
'Cause she kept bootlegging my shit, man
I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull
She like, "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?"
I'm like, "Excuse me, Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass
You was dead broke and naked, and now you want half"
I got this ho that after twelve million sold
Mami's a narcoleptic, always sleeping on Hov
Got to tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow
I've got so many girls across the globe, I love

Girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce-zeroes
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour

I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls

[Song 58: That’s My Bitch]
152 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsThat’s My Bitch LyricsThis drum-heavy, James Brown-sampling track is Jay & Kanye’s ‘old school’ track for their album Watch the Throne. They use this one to claim their stakes in the Hip Hop game – that they ‘own’ the best girls… Read More 
Uh
Hello, can I speak to, uh
Uh
Yeah, you know who you are, look
You had no idea what ya dealing with
Something on some this realest shit
Pop champagne, I'll give you a sip
'Bout to go dumb, how come?
Yeah, that's my bitch
That's my bitch
Sh-shorty right there? That's my bitch
That's my bitch
I've been waiting for a long, long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life, and live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high (Yeah)

I paid for them titties, get your own
It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne
She say I care more about them basquions
Basquiats, she learning a new word, it's yacht
Blew the world up soon as I hit the club with her
Too Short called, told me I fell in love with her
Seat by actors, ball players, and drug dealers
And some lesbians that never loved niggas
Twisted love story, True Romance
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance
I'm a freak, huh? Rockstar life
The second girl with us, that's our wife
Hey, boys and girls, I got a new riddle
Who's the new old perv that's tryna play second fiddle?
No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle
But my dick worth money, I put Monie in the middle

I've been waiting for a long, long time (Where she at? In the middle)
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life, and live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high, high, high, high

Swilling little licks and mixes 'til mornin'
I'm yearnin', ooh, yeah
Could I maybe have a little dab of your potion?
Stop motion, ooh, yeah
Go harder than a nigga for a nigga, go figure
Told me keep my own money if we ever did split up
How could somethin' so gangster be so pretty in pictures?
Ripped jeans and a blazer and some Louboutin slippers
Uh, Picasso was alive, he would've made her
That's right, nigga, Mona Lisa can't fade her
I mean Marilyn Monroe, she's quite nice
But why all the pretty icons always all white?
Put some colored girls in the MoMA
Half these broads ain't got nothing on Willona
Don't make me bring Thelma in it
Bring Halle, bring Penélope and Salma in it, uh
Back to my Beyoncés
You deserve three stacks, word to André
Call Larry Gagosian, you belong in mo-seums
You belong in vintage clothes, crushing the whole building
You belong with niggas who used to be known for dope dealing
You too dope for any of those civilians
Now shoo, children, stop looking at her tits
Get your own dog, ya heard? That's my bitch

I've been waiting for a long, long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life, and live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high, high, high, high

[Song 59: Moonlight]
165 ContributorsTranslationsSvenskaPortuguêsMoonlight Lyrics“Moonlight” is inspired by the 2016 Oscar-winning film of the same name. At the 89th Academy Awards the musical La La Land was incorrectly announced as the Best Picture; after a few minutes the error was… Read More 
Yeah, got a lil' cold
So bear with me
Yeah, yeah

We stuck in La La Land
Even when we win, we gon' lose
We got the same fuckin' flows
I don't know who is who
We got the same fuckin' watch
She don't got time to choose
We stuck in La La Land
We got the same fuckin' moves

Y'all fuck the same fuckin' chicks
I'm in the skrt with ya— yeah, right
I'm in the skrt with ya— cool story
I'm on the j— 'nough of this!

Look, I know killers, you no killer, huh?
Bathing Ape maybe not a gorilla, huh?
Glorified seat filler, huh?
Stop walkin' around like y'all made Thriller, huh?
Fake Dracos all in the videos
We show 'em, we shoot 'em in my city though
I don't post no threats on the Internet
I just pose a threat, blame Lenny S for that
I don't be on the 'Gram goin' ham
Givin' information to the pork, that's all spam
Please don't talk about guns that you ain't never gon' use
Y'all always tell on y'all self, I'm just so fuckin' confused

Y'all stuck in La La Land
Even when we win, we gon' lose
Y'all got the same fuckin' flows
I don't know who is who
We got the same fuckin' watch
She don't got time to choose
We stuck in La La Land
We got the same fuckin' moves

Y'all niggas still signin' deals? Still?
After all they done stole, for real?
After what they done to our Lauryn Hill?
And y'all niggas is 'posed to be trill?
That's real talk when you behind on your taxes
And you pawned all your chains
And they run off with your masters
And took it to Beverly Hills while we in Calabasas
And my head is scratchin' 'cause that shit is backwards
That shit ain't right, Lucian is cool
But Lucian don't write, Doug ain't this tight
So fuck what we sellin', fuck is we makin'?
'Cause their grass is greener 'cause they always rakin' in mo'

Na-na-na-na
Nah, nah

[Song 60: Brooklyn’s Finest]
200 ContributorsBrooklyn’s Finest LyricsTwo of “Brooklyn’s Finest,” Biggie and JAY-Z, collaborate over a DJ Clark Kent track built around a sample from “Ecstasy” by the Ohio Players. Clark detailed how the track came together in an interview with… Read More 

Okay, I'm reloaded
You motherfuckers think you big time?
Fuckin' with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time
Here come ''The Pain''
Jigga (Jigga)
Bigga (Bigga)
Nigga, how you figure? (How you figure?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

A-yo, peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (Uh-huh)
The number one question is can the Feds get us? (Uh-huh)
I got vendettas in dice games against ass bettors (Uh-huh)
And niggas who pump wheels and drive Jettas
Take that wit' ya!

Hit ya! Back-split ya! (Uh)
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles (Uh!)
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle (Woo!)
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle (Mmm-hmm)
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug-related (Haha)
Most hated

Can't fade it (Uh)
While y'all pump, willie (What?), I run up and stunt silly (Uh-huh)
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me (Uh)
But on the con-trilli, I packs the MAC-milli
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin' soft on him
"What's ya name?"

Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra (Uh)
Peruvians tried to do me in (Word), I ain't paid them yet
Tryna' push 700's, they ain't made them yet
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit (Frostbit), rings too
Niggas 'round the way call me Igloo, stick who!?
Motherfucker!

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin' out for all!
(Marcy) That's right, you don't stop!
(Bed-Stuy) Uh-huh, you won't stop! (Nigga!)
What, what, what?

Jay-Z, Big Smalls, nigga, shit your drawers
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit, you fold
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV
(Jigga) Jay-Z

Biggie, baby (Uh)
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches
From 62's, Gemstars, my mom's dishes (Uh)
Gram choppin', police van dockin'
D's at my doors knockin' (What?)

Keep rockin', yeah!
No more Mr. Nice Guy, I twist ya shit
The fuck back with the pistols.. blazin'!
Hot like Cajun (Uh)
Hotter than even holdin' work at the Days Inn
With New York plates outside
Get up out of there, fuck the ride!

Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper (Uh)
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank White
Need the keys to your InnKeeper (That's right)
Chill, homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me
You're holdin' more drugs than a pharmacy
You ain't harmin' me, so pardon me
Pass the safe, before I blaze the place
And here's six shots just in case
(Brooklyn-lyn-lyn)

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(Crown Heights, uh) You don't stop!
(Brownsville) You won't stop! (Nigga!)
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, haha)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where we from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all
(Bushwick) You don't stop!
(Fort Greene) You won't stop! (Niggas)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

For '96, the only MC with a flu
Yeah, I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin' to do
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, China White, heroin
Nigga, please, like short sleeves, I bear arms (Umm)
Stay out my way from here on (Clear?) Gone! (Uh)

Me and Gutta had two spots
The two-for-five dollar hits, the blue tops (Uh-huh)
Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin' too hot
If Faith have twins, she'd probably have two Pacs (uh, uh)
Get it? (uh) 2 Pac's?

Time to separate the pros from the cons
(And the..) The platinum from the bronze
That butter-soft shit from that leather on the Fonz (Uh)
A S1 diamond from a I class don
A Chandon sipper from a Rosé nigga, Huh?
Brook-Nam, sippin' on

Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather (Uh)
The M.A.F.I.A. keep cannons in they Marc Buchanan's (Uh)
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow
Tossin' ya, mad slugs through your Nautica
I'm warnin' ya! (Ha, what the fuck?)

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(Flatbush) You don't stop!
(Red Hook) That's right, you won't stop! (Nigga!) Hahaha!
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit your drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(East New York) You don't stop!
(Clinton Hill, uh-huh) You won't stop! (Nigga!)
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn)
Is Brooklyn in the house?

Uh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all
Junior M.A.F.I.A
Supermen clique
Brooklyn's Finest, you rewind this
Representin' BK to the fullest

[Song 61: I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)]
68 ContributorsI Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me) LyricsThe lead single from Jay-Z’s fifth studio album The Dynasty: Roc La Familia was produced by The Neptunes and features a chorus sung by Pharrell Williams. Shay Haley and Omillio Sparks also made un-credited… Read More 

Let's go (Hov')
Uh-huh, Hov'
You are not ready (Hov')
Unstoppable (Dynasty)
Young Hova

I'm a hustler, baby (Hov', I'm a hustler)
I just want you to know (Hov', I gotta let you know)
It ain't where I been (It ain't where I been, Hov')
But where I'm 'bout to go (Top of the world! Young Hova, holla)
Now I just wanna love ya! (Just wanna love you, Hov')
But be who I am (You know you love me, Hov')
And with all this cash (Mo' money, mo' problems)
You'll forget your man

Now give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff

Yeah, uhh, yeah
When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin'
When I fuck 'em, will I diss 'em? That's what they be yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all be chasin', I replace them, huh?
Drunk off Cris', mami on E
Can't keep her little model hands off me
Both in the club, high, singing off key
"And I wish I never met her at all!"
It gets better, ordered another round
It's about to go down
Got six model chicks, six bottles of Cris'
Four Belvederes, got weed everywhere
What do you say, me, you, and your Chloe glasses (Uh-huh)
Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion?
Like, Prada blouse, Gucci bra (Okay)
Filth Mart jeans, take that off

Give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I said give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, save the narrative, you saving it for marriage
Let's keep it real, ma, you saving it for carats
You wanna see how far I'ma go
How much I'ma spend but you already know
Zip, zero, stingy with dinero
Might buy you Cris', but that about it
Might light your wrist, but that about it
Fuck it, I might wife you and buy you nice whips
Ma, but you really gotta ride nice dick
Know how to work your hips and your head's priceless
Profess you love to Hov' and I'll never let you down
Get you bling like the Neptune sound
Okay, hot Hov', too hot to hold
Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's soul
Only way to roll, Jigga and two ladies
I'm too cold, Motorola, two-way page me (C'mon)

Give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I said give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff

I'm a hustler, baby (Uh, Hov')
I just want you to know (Hov')
It ain't where I been (Hov')
But where I'm 'bout to go (Ho, ho)
Now I just wanna love ya! (Young Hova)
But be who I am (You know you love me)
And with all this cash (Mo' money, mo' problems)
You'll forget your man

Yeah, yeah, yeah
Same song, I'm back, been around the world
Ro-mancin' girls that dance with girls
From Club Cheetah to Club Amnesia
The Peanuts in L.A., bubblin' in Dublin
Can't deny me
Why would you want to? You need me
Why don't you try me?
Baby, you want to believe me (Hov'!)

Give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I said give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
Give it to me

Uh, that, that, that, that, uh, huh, uhh

[Song 62: A Star Is Born]
200 ContributorsA Star Is Born LyricsThis song chronicles everybody who has been a star in the rap game while Jay’s been in it. His point is that while everybody has had his time to shine and fade, Jay-Z has been the only constant throughout. So… Read More 
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Yeah, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it
'X came through, caught lighter fluid
Still I came through it; clap for him!
But I'm the blueprint, I'm like the map for 'em
I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it
Wayne scorchin', I'll applaud him
If he keep going, pass the torch to him
50 came through like hurricanes do
I thought I finished his ass at Summer Jam too
I had the Illmatic on bootleg
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead
Wayne did "A Milli," Fifty did a milli
'Ye too, but what Em did was silly
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him
His flow on "Renegade": fucking awesome. Applaud him!
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, Jay)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

Snoop dogged it, Nelly came down
The Face Mob kept it ghetto for the H-Town
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches
Drake's up next, see what he do with it (Uh-huh)
Rule had a run, couple movie parts
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
What up, Jeezy? What it do?
Y’all remind me of us in early '92 (Uh-huh)
Outkast landed, 3-thou was ill
Like a male version of Lauryn Hill
Mobb Deep shook it, but Prodigy took it
A lil' too far, can't fuck with Brooklyn
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate
Rae took on the date with the Purple Tape
Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface
They had a hell of a run, standing ovay', ayy
Every day, a star is born
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day, a star is born (Uh-huh, Jay)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

And I am one of one
Can't you see just how long my run?
My reign, Lulu's son-shine
Been a star since I was ducking one-time
One time, give it up for him
December 4th, a star was born
Clap for him! He went from moving that corner
To this corner office, it's so enormous
Hey! Prez' Carter watching her get her Monica on all day
Hey! (Hey!) Got so many different monikers, but only one Jay
They come, they go, some real, some faux
Some friends, some hoes, but, no, I goes nowhere, this Hov'

Every day a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
And could I be a star?
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far-away life
Just to make it in these Broadway lights?
Now I'm shining in the broad daylight—go figure
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga
From the 'Ville, got a deal, a real lifesaver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like Jada
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later
Cole, you got the glow like a lil' lightsaber
So clap for him!
Then applaud Hov, he gave him a platform
Flow so sick, thought he wrote the rap for him—no, sir!
The flow cold as the shoulders of gold-digging hoes
When a broke nigga 'proaches, told you I'm focused, man
I'll let you motherfuckers soak it in, and clap for 'em!

Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Yeah, hey, and clap for 'em!
Hey, hey, and clap for 'em!
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em!
I'm here now! Fayettenam
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Ayy (J. Cole!)
Every day, a star is born

[Song 63: Blueprint²]
119 ContributorsBlueprint² LyricsThe Blueprint 2’s title track. After the “Ether” vs “Takeover” debate was derailed by the “Supa Ugly” debacle, Jay was down but not defeated.
Most in the Roc-A-Fella camp believed that “Takeover” was the… Read More 
"JAY-Z this," "JAY-Z that" ("JAY-Z won't hold my hand no more")
"JAY-Z this," "JAY-Z that"
"JAY-Z that," "JAY-Z this" ("JAY-Z won't give me no money")
Get off JAY-Z' dick
What, y'all niggas get front-page articles?
Y'all mention JAY-Z name?
(This thing on?) JAY-Z, JAY-Z
"In JAY-Z news" (Check)
I understand what y'all tryna do
I brought the flutes this time though (Check)
Unleash the flutes on 'em, Guru
Give me some more music in the headphone
Let's get to the proceedings preceding this evening
Let's do this thing (Let's do it right this time)
Come on

H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"
Nah, nah, don't be afraid
Y'all and your articles hock spit at Jay
Y'all, from afar, threw darts my way
What you thought, I would not have nothin' to say? Nope
Y'all fell into the booby trap
I set the trap just to see dude react, and now
And now, you's can't leave
You opened the door, God, I'm at you annually
And I'm sorry, Ms. Rosie Perez
I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is
But you can't give cred to anything dude says
Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head
Shorty, it's time to wake up the dead
You sound a little naïve in them articles that I read

H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"
H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"

Can't y'all see that he's fake, the rap version of T.D. Jakes
Prophesizin' on your CD's and tapes
Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes
And this is with whom you want to place your faith?
I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine
When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line (It's real)
Donatin' proceeds off every ticket sold
When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no?
Ain't I supposed to be absorbed in myself?
Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help
They call me this misogynist
But they don't call me the dude to take his dollars to give gifts at the projects
These dudes is all politics, depositin' checks
They put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip (Yap, yap, yap)
And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype
'Cause the nigga wear a kufi, it don't mean that he bright
'Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice
It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write (The fuck is you sayin'?)
Is it Oochie Wally Wally or is it One Mic?
Is it Black Girl Lost or shorty owe you for ice?
I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit
Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat
But I will not lose, for even in defeat
There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me
When the grass is cut, the snakes will show
I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that, though (Haha)
Savin' me the hassle of speakin' to half of these assholes
And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa
I'm back before you had a chance to miss me
My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history
Who you know flow vicious as me?
Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov'
I get the spoils 'cause the victor is me (Me, nigga)
You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be
You street dreamin', all y'all niggas livin' through me
I gave you life when niggas was forgettin' you emcee
I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me
You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee
I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen, God, you a flea
And the little homie Jungle is a garden to me
What's the problem, B? You not as hard as me
Nigga, hard as we, nigga, R-O-C, nigga
That's why they follow me
They feel my pain and my agony, nigga
I won't rest 'til you on one knee
You want war, then it's war it's gon' be, nigga
Until you on one knee
You want war, then it's war it's gon' be, nigga

H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"
H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"

[Song 64: Made in America]
122 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolTürkçeMade in America LyricsOriginally titled ‘Sweet Baby Jesus,’ here we have Kanye, Jay, and R&B crooner Frank Ocean collaborating on a number that sums up the superstars' feelings about black history, America, Jesus, and revisiting… Read More 
And He'll bring you out the, out the darkness

Sweet king Martin, sweet queen Coretta
Sweet brother Malcolm, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America

I told my mama I was on the come up
She said, "You going to school, I'll give you a summer"
Then she met No I.D. and gave me his number
Ten years later, she driving a Hummer
Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around, gave them beats to Jay
And I'm rapping on the beats they was supposed to buy
I guess I'm getting high off my own supply
Downtown mixing fabrics, tryna find the magic
Started a little blog just to get some traffic
Old folks'll tell you not to play in traffic, uh
A million hits and the web crashes, damn
South Park had 'em all laughing
Now all my niggas designing and we all swaggin', uh
Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain't no fashion show, motherfucker, we live it

Sweet king Martin, sweet queen Coretta
Sweet brother Malcolm, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America

I pledge allegiance to my grandma
For that banana pudding, our piece of Americana
Our apple pie was supplied through Arm & Hammer
Straight out the kitchen, shh, don't wake nana
Built a republic that still stands
I'm tryna lead a nation to leave to my little man's
Or my daughter, so I'm boiling this water
The scales was lopsided, I'm just restoring order
Hold up, here comes grandma, what's up Yaya?
What's that smell? Oh, I'm just boiling some agua
No papa, bad Santa
The streets raised me, pardon my bad manners
I got my liberty chopping grams up
Street justice, I pray God understand us
I pledge allegiance to all the scramblers
This is the Star-Spangled Banner

Sweet king Martin, sweet queen Coretta
Sweet brother Malcolm, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Yes, we did
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Yes, we did

[Song 65: What More Can I Say]
129 ContributorsWhat More Can I Say LyricsIn the “street single” off of The Black Album, Jay contemplates the retirement he had promised himself after the album’s release. He also uses this song to boast (though many of the boasts are true) about why… Read More 
"Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained?"
"Is this not why you are here?"

Uh, uh-huh
Uh, uh-huh, uh
Turn the music up, turn me down
Guru, let's go get 'em again
This time it's for the money, my nigga
Brooklyn, stand up

There's never been a nigga this good for this long
This hood or this pop, this hot or this strong
With so many different flows, this one's for this song
The next one I switch up, this one will get bit up
These fucks, too lazy to make up shit, they crazy
They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me
You know what? Soon they forget where they plucked
Their whole style from then try to reverse the outcome
I'm like, "TAA!"
I'm not a biter, I'm a writer for myself and others
I say a B.I.G. verse, I'm only biggin' up my brother
Biggin' up my borough, I'm big enough to do it
I'm that thorough, plus I know my own flow is foolish
So them rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
I'm in, new sneakers, dual-seaters, few divas
What more can I tell you? Let me spell it for you:
W-I, double-L, I-E
Nobody truer than H-O-V
And I'm back for more, New York's ambassador
Prime Minister, back to finish my business up

What more can I say?
What more can I do?
I gave this up to you
I know this much is true, true
My love

What more can I say to you? You heard it all

You already know what I'm about: flyin' birds down south
Movin' wet off the step, purple rain in a drought
Stuntin' on hoes, brushin' off my shirt
But ain't nothin' on my clothes 'cept my chain, my name
Young H-O, pitch the yay faithful
Even if they patrol, I make payroll
Benz paid for, friends they roll
Private jets down to Turks and Caicos
Cris' caseloads, I don't give a shit
Nigga, one life to live, I can't let a day go
By without me bein' fly, fresh to death
Head to toe 'til the day I rest
And I don't wear jerseys, I'm 30-plus
Give me a crisp pair of jeans, nigga, button-ups
S. Dots on my feet make my cipher complete
What more can I say? Guru, play the beat

My nigga, hahahaha, woo!
We gon' let this ride into the hook
- I'ma snap my fingers on this one
What more can I say to you?
- Get my grown man on
Let's go!
(What more can I say?)

Now you know your ass is Willie when they got you in the mag
For like half a billy and your ass ain't lily-White
That mean that shit you write must be illy
Either that or your flow is silly, it's both
I don't mean to boast, but damn, if I don't brag
Them crackers gon' act like I ain't on they ass
The Martha Stewart that's far from Jewish
Far from a Harvard student, just had the balls to do it
And no I'm not through with it
In fact, I'm just previewin' it
This ain't the show, I'm just EQin' it
One-two and I won't stop abusin' it
To groupie girls: stop false accusin' it
Back to the music, the Maybach roof is translucent
Niggas got a problem, Houston! Hah
What up B, they can't shut up me
Shut down I, not even P.E., I'ma ride
God forgive me for my brash delivery
But I remember vividly what these streets did to me
So picture me lettin' these clowns nitpick at me
Paint me like a pickany
I will literally kiss TT in the forehead
Tell her, "Please forgive me," then squeeze into your forehead
I'm not the one to score points off, in fact
I got a joint that'll knock your points off
Young Hova the God, nigga, blast for me
I'm at the Trump International, ask for me
I ain't never scared, I'm everywhere, you ain't never there
And nigga, why would I ever care?
Pound for pound, I'm the best to ever come around here
Excludin' nobody, look what I embody:
The soul of a hustler, I really ran the street
A CEO's mind, that marketin' plan was me
And no, I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines
And I ain't animated like, say, a Busta Rhymes
But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines
Add that to the fact I went plat' a bunch of times
Times that by my influence on pop culture
I'm supposed to be number one on everybody list
We'll see what happens when I no longer exist
Fuck this man

What more can I say?

[Song 66: Dirt Off Your Shoulder]
115 ContributorsDirt Off Your Shoulder Lyrics“Dirt off Your Shoulder” is the second single released from Jay-Z’s 2003 album The Black Album.
In 2004, the song was combined with the Linkin Park’s single “Lying from You” and released as a single for the… Read More 

You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
(Ugh, ugh, uh-huh-uh-huh, ugh)
(Jigga, uh-huh-uh, uh-uh)
Turn the music up in the headphones (Jigga)
(Uh-huh-uh, Jigga, uh-uh, uh-uh, ugh)
Tim, you can go on and brush your shoulders off, nigga
I got you
(Ugh, ch-ch, ugh, ugh, Jigga)
Ugh, yeah

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on—brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps, too; go on—brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder

I probably owe it to y'all, prolly be locked by the force
Tryna hustle some things that go with the Porsche
Feelin' no remorse, feelin' like my hand was forced
Middle finger to the law, nigga, grippin' my balls
Said, the ladies, they love me — from the bleachers, they screamin'
All the ballers is bouncin' — they like the way I be leanin'
All the rappers be hatin' off the track that I'm makin'
But all the hustlers — they love it just to see one of us make it
Came from the bottom of the bottom to the "Top of the Pops"
Nigga, London (Woo), Japan (Woo), and I'm straight off the block
Like a running back — get it, man? I'm straight off the block
I can run it back, nigga, ‘cause I'm straight with the Roc (Come on)

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off (Woo)
Ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off (Woo)
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder

Your homie Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
I just whipped up a watch, tryna get me a Rover (Woo)
Tryna stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
Keep the heckler close — you know them smokers'll test you
But, like, 52 cards went out — I'm through dealin'
Now, 52 bars come out — now, you feel 'em
Now, 52 cars roll out; remove ceiling in case 52 broads come out
Now, you chillin' with a boss, bitch, of course; "S.C." on the sleeve
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen
I paid a grip for the jeans (Woo), plus, the slippers is clean (Woo)
No chrome on the wheels (Woo), I'm a grown-up for real, chyeah!

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off (Woo)
Ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off (Woo)
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder (Woo)
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder

Your boy back in the building; Brooklyn, we back on the map
Me and my beautiful bee-itch in the back of that 'Bach
I'm the realest that run it, I just happen to rap
I ain't gotta clap at 'em — niggas scared of that black
I drop that Black Album, then I back out it
As the best rapper alive — nigga, ask about me
From bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammys
From O's to opposite Orphan Annie
You gotta pardon Jay for sellin' out the Garden in a day
I'm like a young Marvin in his hey'
I'm a hustler, homie; you a customer, crony
Got some dirt on my shoulder — could you brush it off for me?

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off (Woo)
Ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off (Woo)
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder (Woo)
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder

You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
Best rapper alive
Best rapper alive

[Song 67: Can’t Knock the Hustle]
175 ContributorsCan’t Knock the Hustle Lyrics“Can’t Knock the Hustle” was released as the third single from JAY-Z’s debut album Reasonable Doubt and featured a guest appearance from R&B superstar Mary J. Blige. She got on the track as a favor to her… Read More 
Ah shit, okay, okay, alright
Big man! You wanna make some big bucks, huh?
Let's see how tough you are
You know something about cocaine? Digame!
You kidding me or what man?
There's a bunch of Colombians coming in Friday - new guys
They said they got two keys for us, for openers
Pure cocaine, you tell 'em, capiche?
I want you to go over there
And if it is what they say it is, you buy it, you bring it back
You can do that you make five grand
Meet them at the Bodegas, noon Friday
You get the buy money then
Oh and chico, if anything happens to the buy money
Eh, pobrecito
JAY-Z's gonna stick your heads up your asses faster than a rabbit gets fucked

(Just talk about)
Bounce.. bounce, bounce, Jay-Z huh?
(Just talk about)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella y'all, ha ha
Bounce, bounce, bounce, Roc-A-Fella y'all
Check, check

Yo, I'm making short term goals when the weather folds
Just put away the leathers, and put ice on the gold
Chilly with enough bail money to free a Big Willie
High stakes, I got more at stake than Philly
Shopping sprees, coppin' three
Deuce fever IS's fully loaded, ah, yes
Bouncing in the Lex Luger, tires smoke like Buddha
50 G's to the crap shooter, niggas can't fade me
Chrome socks beaming, through my peripheral I see you scheming
Stop dreaming, I leave your body steaming
Niggas is fiending, what's the meaning?
I'm leaning on any nigga intervening with the sound of my money machining (brrrr)
My cup runneth over with hundreds
I'm one of the best niggas that done it, six digits and running
Y'all niggas don't want it! I got the Godfather flow, the Don Juan DeMarco
Swear to God, don't get it fucked up!
I'm taking out this time (Yeah, yeah, what)
To give you a piece of my mind
('Cause you can't knock the hustle)
Who do you think you are?
Baby, one day you'll be a star

Last seen out of state where I drop my sling
I'm deep in the South, kicking up top game
Bouncing on the highway, switching four lanes
Screaming through the sunroof, money ain't a thang
Your worst fear confirmed, me and my fam roll tight like The Firm
Getting down for life, that's right, you better learn
Why play with fire? You burn
We get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm
'Til legs spread like germs
I got extensive hoes with expensive clothes
And I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
What y'all don't know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 'cause you can't knock the hustle

But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
'Cause that's the way you're making me feel
('Cause you can't knock the hustle)
The way you make me feel
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real

Yo, y'all niggas lunching, punching the clock
My function is to make much and lay back munching
Sipping Remy on the rocks, my crew something to watch
Nothing to stop, unstoppable
Scheme on the ice, I gotta hot your crew
I gotta, let you niggas know the time like Movado
My motto, stack rocks like Colorado
Waddle off the champagne, Cristals by the bottle
It's a damn shame what you're not though, (Who?) me!
Slick like a gato, fucking Jay-Z
My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
Tried to get a nut, and he got a nut, and.. what!?
Straight bananas; can a nigga see me?
Got the US Open, advantage Jigga
Serve like Sampras, play fake rappers like a campus
Le Tigre, son, you're too eager
You ain't having it? Good! Me either
Let's get together and make this whole world believe us, huh?
At my arraignment, screaming
All us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even
Thieving, as long as I'm breathing
Can't knock the way a nigga eating, fuck you even!

I'm taking out this time, to give you a piece of my mind
Who do you think you are?
Baby, one day you'll be a star
But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
'Cause that's the way you're making me feel
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real

[Song 68: Legacy]
123 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsSvenskaLegacy LyricsThe song is an upbeat track which discusses the legacy for the Carter family name. It goes on to discuss members of the family and what they have done in the family name and how Jay has worked hard to get… Read More 
Daddy, what's a will?
Yeah

Take those moneys and spread 'cross families
My sisters, Hattie and Lou, the nephews, cousins and TT
Eric, the rest to B for whatever she wants to do
She might start an institute, she might put poor kids through school
My stake in Roc Nation should go to you
Leave a piece for your siblings to give to their children too
TIDAL, the champagne, D'USSÉ, I'd like to see
A nice peace-fund ideas from people who look like we
We gon' start a society within a society
That's major, just like the Negro League
There was a time America wouldn't let us ball
Those times are now back, just now called Afro-tech
Generational wealth, that's the key
My parents ain't have shit, so that shift started with me
My mom took her money, she bought me bonds
That was the sweetest thing of all time, uh

Legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
Black excellence baby, you gon' let 'em see
Legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
Black excellency, baby, let 'em see

I remember, like, listenin' to Wu-Tang
And niggas like, "Your seed married his seed, married my seed"
That's how we keep Carter money all in the family

You see, my father, son of a preacher man
Whose daughter couldn't escape the reach of the preacher's hand
That charge of energy set all the Carters back
It took all these years to get to zero in fact
I hated religion 'cause here was this Christian
He was preachin' on Sundays, versus how he was livin' Monday
Someday I forgive him
'Cause strangely our division led to multiple religions
I studied Muslim, Buddhist, and Christians
And I was runnin' from him, He was givin' me wisdom
See how the universe works?
It takes my hurt and help me find more of myself
It's a gift and a curse
That's called the Red Queen's Race

You run this hard just to stay in place
Keep up the pace, baby
Keep up the pace
You run this hard just to stay in place

Legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
Black excellence, you gon' let 'em see
Legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
Black excellency, baby, let 'em see
Day, someday, someday we'll all
Someday we'll all be free, yeah

[Song 69: Swagga Like Us]
132 ContributorsSwagga Like Us LyricsWest produced the track, building the beat around a sample from M.I.A.’s critically-acclaimed single “Paper Planes.” It was his first production since the untimely passing of his mother Donda West.
Peaking… Read More 
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

Mr. West is in the buildin'
Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
Ayo I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the Pilgrims
Thanksgiving, do we even got a question?
Hermès, Pastelle, I pass the dressin'
My attitude is tattooed
That mean it's permanent, so I guess we should address it, huh?
My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it
"Why you so mad for? Why you gotta have it?"
'Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
How it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
Tryna get that Kobe number, one over Jordan

No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
(No one on the corner) got a bop like this
Can't wear skinny jeans, 'cause my knots don't fit
No one on the corner got a pocket like this
So I rock Roc jeans, 'cause my knots so thick
You can learn how to dress just by checkin' my fresh
Checkin' checkin' my fresh, checkin' checkin' my fresh
Follow my steps is the road to success
Where the niggas know you're thorough when the girls say yes
(Yes…) But I can't teach you my swag
You can pay for school, but you can't buy class
School of hard knocks, I'm a grad
And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap
It's Hooooovaaaa
Dippin' different Rovers, whippin' with the soda
Hooooovaaaa
Did you even have any doubt? After Doubt it was over

No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

No one on the corner has swagger like moi
Church, but I'm too clean for the choir
I require what I desire, I got stripes, Adidas
Mami scream "¡Papí, no más!"
Run up in your shit, just me, no mask
Runnin' this shit like I got four thighs
No one has swagger like these four guys
Now when it comes to styles, I got several
Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal
And my jewels blue and yellow
The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo
Rules as follows: stay true to the ghetto
Write your name on the bullet, make you feel special
Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin' 'bout?
I know it's us, 'cause we the only thing to talk about

No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (And I'm gone)
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Wow!)
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Ha! Ya think)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (That's right!)

Aye, you can go see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play
Kanyeezy for diversity, and me for controversy
All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose
You ain't livin' what you kickin', then you worthless
Lookin' from the surface
It may seem like I got reason to be nervous
Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it
Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical
Last thing I'm worried about is what another rapper do
Ain't nobody hot as me
Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstandin' quality
Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that
But spittin' real life on hot beats I'm the truth at
You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary
Livin' revolutionary, nothin' less than legendary
Gangsta shit, hereditary, got it from my dad
Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag

No one on the corner has swagger like us (Okay)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah, That's right)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Okay)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah, so you notice, huh?)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Ha! Yeah!)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Okay, tell'em for me shawty)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Yeah, that's right)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah!)

No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

[Song 70: Excuse Me Miss]
91 ContributorsExcuse Me Miss LyricsAn early Jay-Z subliminal love letter to his current wifey.  Check out Jean Grae’s excellent gender-switched remix
You can't roll a blunt to this one
You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J
You gotta puff a J on this one 
You can't even drink Crist-OWL on this one
You gotta drink Crist-ALL
Buy some red wine, a little Gaja 9-7
You're so contagious, I can't take it
This is for the grown and sexy, uhh
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh
Yeah, can I get my grown man on for one second?
(You're so foxy, girl) 'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be hanging with Jay-Z, Jay-Z
So hot to trot, lady!
Excuse me miss, what's your name?
Can you come, hang with me? (Ooh, oh)
Possibly, can I take you out, tonight?

You already know what it's hittin' for
Ma, I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sittin' on
50/50 venture with them S Dots kickin' off
Armadale poppin' now, only bring a nigga more
Only thing missin' is a Missus
You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner
To play spades with the cards up, all trust
Who else you gon' run with? The truth is us
Only dudes movin' units - Em, Pimp Juice and us
It's the Roc in here!
Maybach outside, got rocks in ears
PJ's on the runway, Young got air
I don't land at an airport (Nah), I call it the clearport (Woo)
Therefore, I don't wanna hear more
Back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla!

Said 'scuse me... damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
I got my Gaja 9-7 on right now
Lady
You gotta puff a J to this one
Can't roll a blunt up to this one, boy
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh (AOWW!)
(You're so foxy, girl) 'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rollin' wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z
So hot to trot, lady, what's your name? Ooh, oh
(You're so foxy, girl) 'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rollin' wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z
So hot to trot

Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
Now she don't like him, she never met him
Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
Better them than me, she don't agree with him
She's mad at that, he's not havin' that
So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets
She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin' along
With a flashy nigga braggin' on the song
She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that
He 2-ways her, so she writes back
Smiley faces after all of her phrases
Either she the one or I'm caught in The Matrix
But fuck it, let the Fishburne
Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon!

Said 'scuse me, damn!
You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
You might go, you mighta gotta go get you some Scooby Doo's
Lady
Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's; those are shoes by the way
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Gotta throw on Scooby Doo's, hehehehe
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh
(You're so foxy girl)
This for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy
So hot to trot, lady (Uh), what's your name? (Woo!)
Ooh, oh, you're so foxy, girl
So hot to trot

Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one
You can easily get past, but that chapter is done
...but I'm done readin' for now
Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
But ma, you got a f'real f'serious role
I'm 'bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playin'
But, before I jump out the window, what's your name?

Said 'scuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Lady
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh
You're so foxy, girl
So hot to trot, lady! What's your name? Ooh, oh
You're so foxy, girl, so hot to trot

[Song 71: Feelin’ It]
107 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsFeelin’ It LyricsReleased on April 15, 1997, “Feelin’ It” was the fourth and final single from Jaÿ-Z’s debut album Reasonable Doubt, while the DJ Premier produced “Friend or Foe” was the single’s B-side. It peaked at #79 on… Read More 
Ha ha, ha ha
What.. '96 and forever
Rok-A-Blok, Roc-A-Fella
Yeah, keep it realer than most
Marcy, Brooklyn... yeah
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

I keep it realer than most, I know you feeling it
Cristal's on ice, I like to toast, I keep on spilling it
Bone crushers I keep real close, I got the skill for this
On my back the flyest clothes, looking ill as shit
Transactions illegitimate 'cause life is still a bitch
And then you die but for now, life, close your eyes and feel this dick
Since diapers, had nothing to live for like them lifers but
Making sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher
We paid the price to circle us, success, they turned my mic up
I'm 'bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light your life up
If every nigga in your clique is rich, your clique is rugged
Nobody will fall 'cause everyone will be each others crutches
I hope you fools choose to listen, I drop jewels, bust it
These are the rules I follow in my life, you gotta love it
Jiggy-Jigga looking gully in the joint
If y'all niggas ain't talking 'bout large money, what's the point?

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

Even if it ain't sunny, hey, I ain't complaining
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40, hydroplaning, what, shorty?
(Where you disappear to, son?) Maintaining
Putting myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in, I'm living
The Ill Street Blues got you hunger paining
Nothing to gain and a whole lot to lose, you still singing, fool
I'm thorough in every borough, my name be ringing
Warming it up for the perfect time to hit your brain, and
You feelin' it? To all the girls that bought a girdle to conceal my bricks
No doubt, they can vouch my life is real as shit
'95 South and Papi on the Hill and shit
And all the towns like Cambridge that I killed with shit
And all the thorough-ass niggas that I hustle with
Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit
These fake rappers can't really know I'm loving it, you feeling it?

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

What, y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay hot?
The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch
I keep it tight for all the nights my momma prayed I'd stop
Said she had dreams that sniper hit me with a fatal shot, those nightmares, ma
Them dreams that you say you got
Give me the chills but these mills, well, they make me hot, y'all don't feel me
Enough to stop the illing right?
But at the same time these dimes keep me feeling tight, I'm so confused
Okay I'm getting weeded now
I know I contradicted myself, look, I don't need that now
It's just once in a blue when there's nothing to do
When the tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through
I get to zoning, me and the chick goin' the island then we're boning
I free my mind sometimes I hear myself moaning
Take one more toke and I leave that weed alone, man
It got me going, shit

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët...

[Song 72: Nickels and Dimes]
89 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisNickels and Dimes LyricsSamples Gonjasufi’s “Nikel’s and Dimes”
Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends

Got a thing for nickel plated nines and pretty dimes
MAC-11, I squeeze like lemon limes
Squirt obey your thirst, fashion lines
'tween beauty and beast, I walk the line
Johnny Cash, I'm a real G
I cut myself today to see if I still bleed
Success is so sublime
Gotta do that time to time so I don't lose my mind
Something 'bout the struggle so divine
This sort of love is hard to define
When you scratching for every nickel and dime
Got me itching to do this shit for my mom
Do this shit for my town
Leave the door open hoping they kick it down
The purest form of giving is anonymous to anonymous
We gon' make it there, I promise this

Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends

Sometimes I feel survivor's guilt
I gave some money to this guy, he got high as hell
Now I'm part of the problem far as I could tell
Did I do it for him or do it for myself
Can't lie to myself
I love my niggas more than my own blood
I die for my niggas and I love my cub, hope that's not fucked up
I got a problem with the handouts, I took the man route
I'll give an opportunity though, that's the plan now
No guilt in giving clear a nigga conscience out
No guilt in receiving, every thing within reason
Can't see it taking food out my little monster's mouth
That'll drive me gaga
Run up in your momma's house, two nickels, one dime
Manslaughter charges, the lawyer, knocked it down
I'm just trying to find common ground
'fore Mr. Belafonte come and chop a nigga down
Mr. Day O, major fail
Respect these youngins boy, it's my time now
Hublot homie, two door homie
You don't know all the shit I do for the homies
Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends

It all depends
How the story is
Nickels and dimes
Tickle my mind

Pardon my hubris, Stanley Kubrick
With eyes wide shut, I could cook up two bricks
Turn nickels to dime, turn dimes to quarters
Turn wives from daughters, oh, I'm clear as water
And just for clarity, my presence is charity
My flow is a gift, philanthropist
Everybody 'round me rich, or will be
Baby boy I promise you this, or kill me
And when a nigga go as the old adage go
You die rich and you die disgraced, so just let me grow
Watch me cook, throw no looks
Like Magic in his prime when Kareem sky hooked, yeah
Y'all not worthy, sometimes I feel like
Y'all don't deserve me, my flow unearthly
The greatest form of giving is anonymous to anonymous
So here y'all go, I promise this
Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends

[Song 73: December 4th]
127 ContributorsDecember 4th Lyrics“December 4th” is Jay-Z’s lyrical autobiography, based around distinct phases in his life. He rhymes about his birth on December 4th, his days as a drug dealer, and his transition to world-famous rapper—all… Read More 
Shawn Carter was born December 4th, weighing in at 10 pounds, 8 ounces. He was the last of my four children. The only one who didn't give me any pain when I gave birth to him. And that's how I knew that he was a special child.

They say "They never really miss you 'til you dead or you gone."
So on that note, I'm leavin' after this song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay, so long
But at least let me tell you why I'm this way, hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adnis Reeves
Who made love under the sycamore tree
Which makes me a more sicker MC, and my momma would claim
At 10 pounds, when I was born, I didn't give her no pain
Although through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare, I made up for birth when I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose; I ain't perfect, I care
But I feel worthless 'cause my shirts wasn't matchin' my gear
Now I'm just scratchin' the surface 'cause what's buried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school, got good grades, could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Hold on

Shawn was a very shy child growing up. He was into sports, and a funny story is at 4 he taught himself how to ride a bike. A two-wheeler at that, isn't that special? But I noticed a change in him when me and my husband broke up.

Now, all the teachers couldn't reach me
And my momma couldn't beat me
Hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein' me
So, with that disdain in my membrane
Got on my pimp game; fuck the world, my defense came
Then DeHaven introduced me to the game
Spanish Jose introduced me to 'caine, I'm a hustler now
My gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd
And all the wavy light-skinned girls is lovin' me now
My self-esteem went through the roof, man, I got my swag
Got a Volvo from this girl when her man got bagged
Plus I hit my momma with cash from a show that I had
Supposedly, knowin' nobody paid Jaz wack-ass
I'm gettin' ahead of myself; by the way, I could rap
But that came second to me movin' this crack
"Gimme a second, I swear," I would say about my rap career
'Til '96 came, niggas, I'm here; goodbye!

Shawn used to be in the kitchen, beating on the table and rapping until the wee hours of the morning. And then I bought him a boom box, and his sisters and brothers said he would drive them nuts. But that was my way to keep him close to me and out of trouble.

Goodbye to the game, all the spoils, the adrenaline rush
Your blood boils you in the spot, knowin' cops could rush
And you in a drop, you're so easy to touch
No two days are alike except the first and fifteenth, pretty much
And "trust" is a word you seldom hear from us
Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up
And the drought will define a man when the well dries up
You learn the worth of water without work
You thirst 'til you die, yup!
And niggas get tied up for product
And little brothers' ring fingers get cut up
To show mothers they really got 'em
And this was the stress I lived with
'Til I decided to try this rap shit for a livin', I pray I'm forgiven
For every bad decision I made, every sister I played
‘Cause I'm still paranoid to this day
And it's nobody fault, I made the decisions I made
This is the life I chose, or rather, the life that chose me

If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
Now if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade...

[Song 74: 100$ Bill]
110 Contributors100$ Bill LyricsThe song was written for the 2013 The Great Gatsby motion picture soundtrack. Jay-Z also executive produced the film and its soundtrack. In a way, the song updates Fitzgerald’s critique of the Roaring ‘20s… Read More 
"My life has got to be like this, it's got to keep going up."
"I've been in several things, I was in the drug business, then I was in the oil business, but I'm not in either one now, you understand?"
"I had my own little business on the side, a sort of sideline... a rather confidential sort of thing... but you might make a nice bit of money."

Hundred dollar bills

Benjamin Franklins filled, fold it just for the thrill
Go numb until I can't feel, or might pop this pill
Stock markets just crash, now I'm just a bill
History don't repeat itself, it rhymes, 1929, still
Write like Mark Twain, Jay Gatsby, I park things
Yellow cars, yellow gold like Slick Rick, still tip
On four-four's (Who?) Four-four's at the 4-0 (Wait) for O
Dollars fall on the skin, some might call it sin
Politicians all move for money, what the hell are we calling 'em?
Low life, I'm crawling out, 911, I Porsched it out
Y'all niggas all hypocrites, y'all know what this shit is all about
Hunnid, dolla, hunnid dolla bill, real, uh
"Her voice is full of money."
"He's a crook, George. He throws those parties the papers are always talking about."
"I didn't want you to think I was just some nobody."
"We were born different. It's in our blood."

New heroines, new Marilyns, move coke through Maryland
Through Easton, oh, you beasting
Move fat packs, Jack Gleason
The honeymoon's over with the streets shit
Least see my kids on the weekend
Carter, new Kennedy
No ordinary Joe, you'll remember me
No prohibition for my coalition
Colin Powell, general admission
You're all welcome, new Malcolm, of the talcum
"By any means," AK lookin' out the window screen
"Let's Get It On," new Marvin
Who wanna become my 100th problem?
Semi-automatic or revolver, semi-automatic I'll solve em
Einstein, my mind, this MC move white squares with my relatives
That cheese made us constipated couldn't tell us shit
Took that Taylor Swift to a hundred fucking million, bitch
I'mma let y'all continue but... ha-ha...
"It's called greed, old sport."
"That's right!"
"Who is he anyhow, an actor?"
“Meyer? No, he’s a gambler. He’s the man who fixed the 1919 World’s Series."
"Fixed it?"
"Fixed it."
"Well, how'd he manage that?"
"Oh... saw the opportunity, I suppose."

I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks
I got a hunnid drops, took a hunnid cops, uh
A hunnid blocks, I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks, uh
Decade of decadence, ill reverence, irreverence
Decade of decadence, ill reverence, irreverence
Uh, young, uh
I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks
I got a hunnid, I got a hunnid drops
Need a hunnid, got a hunnid
Got a hunnid, hunnid, uh
Hunnid, dolla, bill, real

[Song 75: Welcome to the Jungle]
136 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsWelcome to the Jungle LyricsSharing the name of the famous Guns N' Roses track “Welcome to the Jungle,” this track finds Hov lamenting on personal losses and overcoming struggles. Exploring issues of celebrity and the struggles of fame,… Read More 

Uh
Right
Oh, oh
Right
One-two, one-two (Yeah)
Ayy
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle, well
(Yeah, yeah)
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle, well
(Yeah, uh, yeah)
I asked her where she wanna be when she twenty-five (Five)
She turned around and looked at me and she said, "Alive"
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle, well
(Uh, oh)

Black Axl Rose, move halves and wholes (Right)
Come down to the jungle, just ask for Hov (Right)
Move blocks and squares, move apples and pears (Oh)
Work pots and pans just to cop me some Airs (Goddammit)
My uncle died, my daddy did too (Ayy)
Paralyzed by the pain, I can barely move
My nephew gone, my heart is torn
Sometimes I look to the sky, ask why I was born
My faith in God, every day is hard
Every night is worse, that's why I pray so hard

Why I pray so hard, this is crazy, God
Just when I thought I had everything, I lost it all
So que será (Welcome to the jungle), get a case of Syrah
Let it chase the pain 'fore it goes too far (Yeah)

My dreams is big, reality set in (Huh)
Let off a clip from a automatic weapon (Yeah)
Through shots in the door, it died in Vegas
Though it fought so hard, I knew it wouldn't make it
I'm a tortured soul, I live in disguise
Rest in peace to the leader of the Jackson 5 (Ooh, woo)
I died in my sleep, I'm still Big Pimpin'
I ball at the mall, beginning of the ending (Yeah)
Where the fuck is the sun? It's been a while
Mama, look at your son, what happened to my smile?
My tears is tatted, my rag in my pocket
I'm just looking for love, I know somebody got it
Champagne for the pain, weed for the low
Goddamn, I'm so high, where the fuck did I go?
I'm losing myself, I'm stuck in the moment
I look in the mirror, my only opponent
Where the fuck is the press? Where the fuck is the pres'?
Either they know or don't care, I'm fucking depressed
No crying in public, just lying to judges
Riskin' my life, I'm already dying, so fuck it, well

Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle, well
Goddammit

[Song 76: Never Change]
115 ContributorsNever Change LyricsJay-Z drapes his vocals over a sample from David Ruffin’s “Common Man”, rapping about some of his familiar life stages: growing up poor, selling crack, making music, getting rich and never changing.
Never, never, never, never change
Never change, this is Jay every day
I never change
I'll never change, this is Jay every day
I never change
Never change, this is Jay

I am a Roc representer (Oh)
Summer to winter (Oh), dead or alive (Uh)
24/7, three-sixty-five
One CD or three hundred and sixty pies
What's up to E and Kirk? Welcome home to Taj
Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours (Uh)
We run streets like drunks run streetlights
We collidin' with life as we speak
We knee-deep in coke, we key-deep in ice
We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke
We all fish, better teach your folk
Give him money to eat, the next week, he's broke
'Cause when you sleep, he's reachin' for your throat
Word on the street, you reap what you sow
Not out of fear, but love, love for the game
Roc family first, we never change, man

Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change
Who you know like Hov? (Never, never, never, never change)
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change, that's right)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, c'mon)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change

What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects? (What up?)
I'd never mention your name, I promise respect
Death before dishonor, correct?
Yup, that's what you promised me since the Bomber League
Along with if we stay strong
We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms (Woo)
Plead the Fifth when it comes to the fam
I'm like a dog, I never speak, but I understand
Where my dogs at? Where my soldiers at war?
Where your balls at? Woah, gotta pause that (Woah)
Lost ninety-two bricks, had to fall back
Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back
Had A1 credit, got more crack
From the first to the fifth, gave it all back
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that?
This is before rap ('Fore), this is all fact (Fact), I never change

Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, that's right)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change
Who you know like Hov? (Never, never, never, never change)
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, c'mon)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change

'Fore the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly
Well, fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari
Was so young, my big sis still playin' with Barbie
Young brother, big city, eight million stories
Old heads taught me, "Youngin, walk softly"
Carry a big clip that'll get niggas off me
Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin' mothy
Chains is cool to cop, but more important is lawyer fees (Uh)
That's how it is now (Uh), that's how it always be (Uh)
I never change, this is always me
From the womb to the tomb, from now 'til my doom
Drink Army from one cup, pass it around the room (That's a family, nigga)
That's the ritual (Yup), Big Ran, I ain't forget you, fool
And all that bullshit you tryin' to get through
This is crew love, move music or move drugs
Rival crews, get your black suits up, I'll never change

Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change, c'mon)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change
Who you know? (Never, never, never, never change)
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, c'mon)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change

This is Jay every day
Who you know like Hov, nigga?

[Song 77: The Joy]
132 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolThe Joy LyricsIn this final bonus track off Watch the Throne (originally released nearly a year earlier as a G.O.O.D. Friday entry), Kanye and Jay reminisce about the good old days of contraception, obscure ‘60s movies and… Read More 

Add a little sugar (Ow), honeysuckle and (Woo)
A great big expression of happiness
Boy, you couldn't miss (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
With a dozen roses (Ayy, uh, Mr. West)
Such would astound you (Pete Rock)
The joy of children laughing around you (Uh)
These are all the makings of you (Woo)

I do it for the forefathers, yeah, the street authors
That are now A&Rs in the cheap office
Rappers that never got signed, but they keep offers
Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us
Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake
She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake
Now it's crumbs all over the damn place (Uh-huh)
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood Planned Parenthood
'Cause I never met nobody planned to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that Plan B pill
Another shorty that won't make it to the family will
If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy, they don't know how insanity feel
Don C. just had a shorty, so it's not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

Add a little sugar (Woo), honeysuckle and (Come on)
A great big expression of happiness (Ow)
Boy, you couldn't miss (Uh-huh, uh)
With a dozen roses (Ayy, uh, Kanye)
Such would astound you (Pete Rock)
The joy of children laughing around you (Uh)
These are all the makings of you (Yeah)

No electro, no metro
A little retro, ah, perfecto
You know the demo, your boy act wild
You ain't get the memo? Yeezy's back in style
Now one room got Gidget, the other got Bridget
What's more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters
Nah, you ain't listen, they Black, they sisters
They mama named 'em after white bitches
So next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the jewelry's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian
Stupid questions like, "Is he gon' be dope again?
Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?"
This beat deserves Hennessy
A bad bitch, and a bag of weed, the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life's cursed? Well, mine's an obscenity

Add a little sugar (Woo), honeysuckle and (Come on, red lights)
A great big expression of happiness (Ow)
Boy, you couldn't miss (Let that thing roll, uh-huh, uh)
With a dozen roses (Ayy, uh, Kanye)
Such would astound you (Pete Rock, uh)
The joy of children laughing around you (Uh)
These are all the makings of you (Yeah, ow)
This is my mama's shit
I used to hear this through the walls in the hood when I was back on my pajama shit (Uh-huh)
Afros and marijuana sticks (Woo)
Seeds in the ganja had it poppin' like the sample that I'm rhymin' with
Pete Rock (Uh), let the needle drop
I seen so much as a kid, they surprised I don't needle pop (Uh-huh)
Takin' sips of Pop's six-pack of Miller nips
Pink Champale, Ballantine Ale
Ballys on my feet help me balance out well (Woo)
That and the shit I used to balance on the scale
I got it honest from the parties from my mama's
Virgin Marys tried to judge her, I'm like, "Where are them Madonnas now?"
Give all glory to Gloria (One-two, okay)
They said you raised that boy too fast
But you was raising a warrior
We victorious, they'll never take the joy from us, uh (One-two, okay)

Keep your hands up, get 'em high now (It's Pete Rock, Kanye)
Don't let them take your fire
Keep your hands up, get 'em high now (One-two, okay)
Don't let them take your fire
Keep your hands up, get 'em high now (It's Pete Rock, Kanye)
Don't let them take your fire
Keep your hands up, get 'em high now, yeah (One-two, okay)
It's Pete Rock, Kanye
One-two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye
One-two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye
One-two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye
One-two, okay

[Song 78: Where I’m From]
92 ContributorsWhere I’m From Lyrics“Where I’m From” will forever stand as one of Jay’s most evocative songs; providing the listener a detail-rich—and deeply sad—portrait of the Marcy Houses where he grew up.
This track and “The Message” by… Read More 
Uh huh, ge-ge ge-ge-geah
Ye-ye-yeah, ye-ye-yeah, (Brooklyn)
How real is, this?
How real is, this? (Brooklyn)
Uh-huh huh  (Brooklyn)
Respect this here, check!

I'm from where the hammers rung, news cameras never come
You and your mans hung in every verse in your rhyme
Where the grams was slung, niggas vanish every summer
When the blue vans would come, we throw the work in the can and run
Where the plans was to get funds and skate off the set
To achieve this goal quicker, sold all my weight wet
Faced with immeasurable odds, still I gave straight bets
So I felt I'm owed something and you nothing, check
I'm from the other side where the other guys don't walk too much
And girls from the projects wouldn't fuck us, said we talked too much
So they ran up to Tompkins and sought them dudes to trust
I don't know what the fuck they thought, those niggas is foul just like us
I'm from where the beef is inevitable, summertime's unforgettable
Boosters in abundance, buy a half-price sweater new
Your word was everything, so everything you said you'd do
You did it, couldn't talk about it if you ain't live it
I'm from where niggas pull your card, and argue all day about
Who's the best MCs, Biggie, Jay-Z or Nas?
Where the drugs czars evolve, and thugs are at odds
At each other's throats for the love of foreign cars
Where cats catch cases, hoping the judge R-and-R's
But most times find themselves locked up behind bars, is that all?
I'm from where they ball and breed rhyme stars
I'm from Marcy, son, just thought I'd remind y'all

Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Brooklyn... so where you from?)

I'm from the place where the church is the flakiest
And niggas been praying to God so long that they atheist
Where you can't put your vest away
And say you'll wear it tomorrow
'Cause the day after we'll be saying
"Damn, I was just with him yesterday"
I'm a block away from hell
Not enough shots away from stray shells
An ounce away from a triple beam
Still using a hand-held weight scale
You're laughing, you know the place well
Where the liquor stores and the base dwell
And government? Fuck government! Niggas politick theyselves
Where we call the cops the A-Team
'Cause they hop out of vans and spray things
And life expectancy so low we making out wills at eighteens
Where how you get rid of guys who step out of line, your rep solidifies
So tell me when I rap, you think I give a fuck who criticize?
If the shit is lies, God strike me
And I got a question:
Are you forgiving guys who live just like me? We'll never know
One day I prayed to you and said if I ever blow, I'd let 'em know
The stakes, and exactly what takes place in the ghetto
Promise fulfilled, still I feel my job ain't done
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice

Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Brooklyn... so where you from?)

Check, I'm from where they cross-over and clap boards
Lost Jehovah in place of rap lords, listen
I'm up the block, around the corner and down the street
From where the pimps, prostitutes and the drug lords meet
We make a million off of beats, 'cause our stories is deep
And fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet
Niggas get lost for weeks in the street, twisted off leek
And no matter the weather, niggas know how to draw heat
Whether you're four-feet or Manute size
It always starts out with three dice and "shoot the five"
Niggas thought they deuce was live, then I hit 'em with trips
And I reached down for their money, pa, forget about this
This time around it's platinum, like the shit on my wrist
And this Glock on my waist, y'all can't do shit about this
Niggas'll show you love, that's how they fool thugs
Before you know it, you're lying in a pool of blood
Where I'm from

Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Brooklyn...)

[Song 79: Brooklyn Go Hard]
70 ContributorsBrooklyn Go Hard LyricsThis love letter from Jay to his borough of birth contains the most amazing wordplay about the Brooklyn Dodgers since Duke Snider’s first chart-topper.
Brooklyn— Brooklyn— Brooklyn— Brooklyn
Brooklyn, we go hard
We go hard

Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard (Agh!)
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard (Go hard)
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard

This is black hoodie rap
There's no fear in my eyes where they lookin' at
Better look on map
Besides, me nah like to eye fight
Me nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (Christ!)
But if a man test my Stuy
I promise he won't like my reply
Boom-bye-bye, like Buju, I'm crucial
I'm a Brooklyn boy, I may take some gettin' use to
Chain snatchin', ain't have it, gotta get it
Same shiddit, from Brownsville to Bainbriddidge
Fatherless child, Mama pulled double shifts
So the number runners was the only ones I hanged widdith
Before you know it I'm in the game, bang fiddith
Fear no orangutans, piddeel ciddaps
Like oranges-es, I'm dangerous
Please! Tell me what the name of this shit

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (L-Y, N, come again)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (L-Y, N, come again)

I father, I Brooklyn-Dodger them
I jack, I rob, I sin
Aw, man—I'm Jackie Robinson
'Cept when I run base, I dodge the pen
Lucky me, luckily, they didn't get me
Now when I bring the Nets, I'm the Black Branch Rickey
From Brooklyn corners, burnin' branches of sticky
Spread love, Biggie; Brooklyn, hippie
I pity the fool with jewels like Mr. T
With no history in my borough, they borrow
With no intentions of returnin' tomorrow
The sun don't come out for many, like Annie
Half-orphan, Mama never had an abortion
Papa sort of did; still, I managed to live
I go hard, I owe it all to the crib
Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this?

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (L-Y, N, come again)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (L-Y, N, come again)

While I'm doin' my time due to circumstance
Cross that bridge, face the consequence
Once bid ten, now I paid my dues
Risk takers, we break the rules
Get so dark, but I see good
Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods
Now, let it ring out, it's a warnin'
(Brooklyn!) Let it be sworn in
Gotta make it stick workin' like we blue collar
Rip it to the core, underneath it all we harder
Right into the clip, bring it to the floor
One step, one step, give it up more
The road is rough and the street's a mess
Got big cash dreams and a sick death wish
Robbin' out the commercial stash
Kill the voice screamin' in my head

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard

[Song 80: D.O.A. (Death of Auto-Tune)]
153 ContributorsD.O.A. (Death of Auto-Tune) LyricsThe Blueprint 3’s first single was a straight-up attack on the overuse of auto-tune in the music industry. The title is a play on the term D.O.A. which traditionally means “Dead on Arrival” and was used to… Read More 

La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye... (Good riddance!)
Hold up...

Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin

This is anti-Auto-Tune, death of the ringtone
This ain’t for iTunes, this ain't for sing-alongs
This is Sinatra at the opera, bring a blonde
Preferably with a fat ass who can sing a song
Wrong, this ain't politically correct (Uh)
This might offend my political connects (Uh)
My raps don’t have melodies
This should make niggas wanna go and commit felonies (uhh!)
Get your chain tooken
I may do it myself, I'm so Brooklyn (Uhh!)
I know we facing a recession
But the music y'all making gon' make it the Great Depression (uhh!)
All your lack of aggression
Put your skirt back down, grow a set, men (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence

La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
Hold up...

This ain't a number one record (uhh!)
This is practically assault with a deadly weapon (uhh!)
I made this just for Flex and... Mister Cee
I want niggas to feel threatened (uhh!)
Stop your bloodclot crying
The kid, the dog, everybody dying, no lying
You niggas' jeans too tight
Your colors too bright, your voice too light (That's too far, nigga!) (uhh, uhh!)
I might wear black for a year straight (uhh!)
I might bring back Versace shades (uhh!)
This ain’t for Z100
Ye told me to kill y'all to keep it 100 (uhh!)
This is for Hot 9-7
This shit for Clue, for Khaled, for we the bestin... (uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence

La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
Hold up...

This shit need a verse from Jeezy... Ay!
I might send this to the mixtape Weezy
Get somebody from BMF to talk on this
Get this to a Blood, let a Crip walk on it (uhh!)
Get 3 Thou' to style on this
I just don’t need nobody to smile on this (uhh!)
You niggas singin' too much
Get back to rap, you T-Paining too much
(uhh, uhh!)
I’m a multi-millionaire
So how is it I’m still the hardest nigga here (uhh!)
I don’t be in the project hallway
Talkin' 'bout how I be in the projects all day (uhh!)
That sound stupid to me
If you a gangsta, this is how you prove it to me (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga, just get violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence

La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...

[Song 81: Primetime]
125 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsPrimetime LyricsThis track is called “Primetime” because No ID’s first name is “Dion” (and Deion Sanders' nickname is “Primetime”.. you follow?)

We in the time of our lives, baby
Turn the music up, prime time
Uh, yeah

Prime time, beat by Dion
Our third eon, that's what the fuck we on
More money, forty-year-old phenom
My fifteen minutes of fame has stretched beyond
At forty-two, be better than twenty-fours
I carried the four-five, mastered forty-eight laws
Still wearing my 23s, they can't fuck with the boy
Far as them sixteens, I'm 23 of it all
Prime time, riding that six-deuce
That 911, I only subtract the roof
I started in '88, got warm in '92
I landed in '96, that's the year I came through
I hit the club, ordered some Grey Goose
Switched it for CÎROC to give Puff's stock a boost
New money, I found the fountain of youth
I'm headed to Miami to fuck up the Fontainebleau
A case of Ace, make it two
Nigga, we rollin', beat the deuce
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do? Ooh

The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?

Prime time, basking in the lime
Cassius in his prime, coloring out of the line
'Cause they don't want nobody that's colored out of the lines
So I'm late as a motherfucker, colored people time
Damn, Yeezy, they all gotta be dimes?
Well, Adam gave up a rib, so mine better be prime
Niggas gon' kill me, I swear they better be lying
I never live in fear, I'm too out of my mind
Prime time, never hit these heights
I mean it's like, it's like our first first-class flight
I'm tripping on it, socks on marble floors, I'm slipping on it
Champagne, I'm sipping on it, shit tastes different, don't it?
You know what? You right
It's like the best damn champagne I had in my life
"When you coming home?" That's a text from my wife
I told her run a bubble bath
And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft
And soak in that motherfucker 'til I call you back
I mean, who says shit like that and doesn't laugh?
Hah

The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?

[Song 82: Roc Boys (And The Winner Is)...]
97 ContributorsRoc Boys (And The Winner Is)... Lyrics“Roc Boys (And the Winner Is)…” is the second single from Jay-Z’s tenth studio album, American Gangster. On the track Hov celebrates street corner capitalism; and takes the chance to give a toast to his… Read More 

And the winner is... Hov!
My man...
Speech!

First of all, I wanna thank my connect
The most important person, with all due respect
Thanks to the duffle bag, the brown paper bag
The Nike shoe box, for holding all this cash (Okay!)
Boys in blue, who put greed before the badge (Okay!)
The first pusher who ever made the stash (Okay!)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
Thanks to the lames, niggas with bad aim
Thanks to a little change, I tore you out the game
Bullet wounds will stop your buffoonery
Thanks to the pastor, rapping at your eulogy
To Lil' Kim and them, you know the women-friend who
Carry the work cross state for a gentleman
Yeah, thanks to all the hustlers
And most importantly: you, the customer

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
(We in the house, hou–, hou–, HEY)

Let ya hair down, baby, I just hit a score
Pick any place on the planet, pick a shore
Take what the Forbes figured, then figure more
'Cause they forgot to account what I did with the raw
Pick a time, let's pick apart some stores
Pick a weekend for freaking for figure fours
I figure frauds never hit a lick before
So they don't know the feeling when them things get across
Put ya hand out the window, feel the force
Feel the Porsche, hit defrost
Ice cold, jewels got no flaws
Drop got no top, you on the top floor
Pink Rosé, think OJ
I get away with murder when I sling yay
Heron got less steps than Britney
That means it ain't stepped on – dig me?

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
(We in the house, hou–, hou–, HEY)

Rare Porsches, rare portraits
Rare guns, if you dare come near the fortress
This apple sauce is from the apple orchard
This kinda talk is only reserved for the bosses
Which means I get it from the ground
Which means you get it when I'm around
Rich niggas, black Bar Mitzvahs
Mazel tov – it's a celebration, bitches!
"L'chaim!"
I wish for you a hundred years of success, but it's my time
Cheers – toast to crime
Number 1 D-boy, shame he could rhyme

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
(We in the house, hou–, hou–, HEY)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
(We in the house, hou–, hou–, HEY)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou–, hou–)
(We in the house, hou–, hou–, HEY)

Sweet!
Let that ride out!
Bring the horns back in, yeah
This is black superhero music right here, baby
American Gangster
Taking flight, coming to a town near you
Soon as I touch down, I just want y'all to start playing the horns like...
Hovi's home!
Lukey, baby!
Hahahahaha... oww!

[Song 83: Lift Off]
99 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsLift Off LyricsBeyoncé, Kanye, and Jay-Z compare their success in the music industry to the launch of a rocketship. This hearkens back to “Spaceship”, where Ye wishes he had a spaceship to fly away from his mundane… Read More 

All engines running
We gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged
We 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars (Lift off)
Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
We don't know what we could do to make it this far
So many scars
We 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars

Lift off
Lift off, takin' my coat off
Showing my tattoos, I'm such a show-off, hah
I feel the pain and then roll off
I got the whole city, they about to go off
How many niggas with me up and in the aisle? (Lift off)
How many people want to roll on me now? (Lift off)
Like you know, na-na-na, you know me by now (Lift off)
Know me, know me by now (Lift off)

We gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged
We 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars (Lift off)
Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
We don't know what we could do to make it this far
So many scars
We 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars

Lift off (Lift off), off, ah, like you know, na-na-na
You know me by now, know me, know me by now
You know me, know me by now, know me, know me by now

Lift off
Rappers hear Watch the Throne, they gon' be pissed off
Earth is boring to 'em, shit is making my dick soft
When you earn hard as me, eventually, you hit a big wall
Five, four, three, two, we need fuel, lift off

Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged
We 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars (All engines running)
Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
We don't know what we could do to make it this far
So many scars
We 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars (Lift off)

Twenty seconds and counting
T-minus fifteen seconds, guidance is internal
Twelve, eleven, ten, nine, ignition sequence start
Six, five, four, three, two, one, zero, all engines running
Lift off, we have a lift off

Jump
Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon', now we gon' (J-jump)
Now we gon' take it to the moon
Now we gon', now we gon' (J-j-jump)
We gon' take it to the moon
Take it to the stars (J-j-jump)
We gon' take it to the moon
Take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
Take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon', now we gon', now

[Song 84: Imaginary Player]
81 ContributorsImaginary Player LyricsOn “Imaginary Player,” Jay-Z boasts about his rapping abilities and the privileged lifestyle he lives as a result of his newfound fame.
René & Angela’s August 1981 track, “Imaginary Playmates,” is sampled on… Read More 
Yeah, I mean like
I gotta be like the pioneer to this shit, you know
I was popping that Cristal
When all y'all niggas thought it was beer and shit, you know
Wearing that platinum shit
When all y'all chicks thought it was silver and shit
(Imaginary playmates)
I got, I got to be the pioneer to this shit, man
Bottom line (Imaginary playmates)
I'ma show you how to do it, check it

Yo, I spit that other shit
"That's a nice motherfucker" shit
That Fed time follow me around, Deep Cover shit, nigga
You beer money, I'm all year money
I'm "Papi, you ain't got to count it, it's all there" money
I never change money 'cause niggas got strange money
NARC'd up, marked up, fucked up in the game money
I got bail money, double-XL money
You got flash now, but time will reveal, money
I spit the hottest shit, "you need it, I got it" shit
That down south, Master P, "Bout It, Bout It" shit
I got blood money, straight up thug money
That brown paper bag under your mattress drug money
You got show dough, little to no dough
Sell a bunch of records and you still owe dough
I got 900 and 96 plus 4 mo' dough
You crazy, you fugazi, I'm loco with dough, papo

Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates

And now you got these young cats, acting like they slung caps
All in they dumb raps, talking about how they funds stack
When I see them in the street, I don't see none of that
Damn, playboy, where the fuck is the Hummer at?
Where's all the ice with all the platinum under that?
Those ain't Rolex diamonds, what the fuck you done to that?
Y'all rapping-ass niggas, y'all funny to me
You're selling records being you, but still you wanna be me
I guess for every buck you make, it's like a hundred for me
And still you running around, thinking you got something on me
But I done did it
And y'all want to take my flow, and run with it
That's cool, I was the first one with it
Origin-al, Jigga's the future, flow digit-al
Still busting a gat when shit gets criti-cal
Sit it down, I don't want y'all to get it confused
I rip it down, like I ain't got nothing to lose
(Y'all get it now?)

Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates

Groupies, I leave 'em all fucked; niggas, awe struck
Your single was 99 cents, mines was 4 bucks
Last year, when niggas thought it was all up
But this year, I've done it again; "Jigga! What the fuck?"
Nigga, stop whining, Jigga–still shining
Niggas kept complaining, so I copped more diamonds
Rock more Versace, ain't nothing sweet
I still throw t'ree in your body, fleeing the party
Y'all can't go with me, nope, flow with me
Bet 50, not dollars either, I brought some dough with me
I flow like the 5 Series, in various areas
And blow holes in your weak niggas' theories
It's funny how one verse can fuck up the game
You bought a 4.0 you better get your change
Ain't no platinum in those Cartiers? Switch your frames
Ain't no manicurist on board? Then switch your plane

Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates

I mean, like, be truthful, man – how you think you gon' feel, right?
You pull up in your 4.0 with your bitch
I pull up in the 4.6 with my bitch, with the seat back
Bumping some other shit, you know, some other shit
You probably hop on my dick right there, right in front of your bitch
Ask me some stupid shit like
"Yo, yo dog, what’s the difference between a 4.0 and a 4.6?"
"Like 30 to 40 grand, cocksucker – beat it!" Haha
Yo, them shits even got leathers?

[Song 85: Super Ugly (I Got Myself A Gun)]
109 ContributorsSuper Ugly (I Got Myself A Gun) LyricsThis is the last notable diss song in the 2001-02 beef between Jay-Z and Nas, recorded after Nas released the classic “Ether.”
Jay had already hinted at a lil' something something with Nas' baby mother on… Read More 
Woke up this morning (Uh-oh!)
Got yourself—yourself—yourself—yourself
Chyeah

I got myself a gun
Uh-oh! Geah, geah
Yeah, I got myself a gun
Brooklyn, stand up
I got myself a gun

But really, I don't need the heat (Nah)
Your heart pump project Kool-Aid, you're sweet (Nigga)
I don't got a two-way, you gays
This is not beef, this is rap, homie; I don't have a scratch on me
You feel Jay soft, rip Jay off
Damn, I'm only worth over a hundred million
Look, I got beef with, like, a hundred children
Niggas with pink suits (Faggot) tryna get cute (Ha)
You a little out of line homie, don't let the nine, homie
Put you out your mind, homie, just rhyme, homie
Kick your little lies, I kick my real facts
Like you sneaking out the back of that Source Soundlab, ha (Pew!)
We wasn't chasing you (Nah), we had a taping, too
We came through to do our one-two thing (Check, what's up)
It wasn't a Roc-A-Fella come-through thing
'Cause if it was on like that, I would come through Queens
With Queens niggas—you know how I do (Ya heard)
Look, I got more shooters in Queensbridge than you (Tah)
Niggas'll tie you up on the Colosseum roof
And open beer bottles off the boy chipped tooth (Ping!)
Look here

I got myself a gun
Uh-oh! Uh-huh, ugh, ugh, geah
Yeah, I got myself a gun

Listen, I'm the J, the A, to the fuck-this-broad (Oh)
This nigga never sold Aspirin—how you Escobar?
Had to buy your chain back last time you got robbed (Goddamn)
The nerve of this coward nigga, oh my God
And I don't rap rumors or innuendos
I bring it to you live, lift up your window
Let the public peek in, see your dirty laundry
Y'all don't want me to continue, ho!

Super ugly (Nigga!)
I don't give a fuck

All I really know is your ho wants to be with me
And she ain't playing
And what I'm saying (She creeps, she creeps)
With me and sleeps between the sheets
Me and the boy A.I. got more in common
Than just balling and rhyming—get it? More in Carmen
I came in your Bentley backseat (Damn)
Skeeted in your Jeep (Woo)
Left condoms on your baby-seat (Woo)
Yeah, nigga, the gloves is off, the love is done
It's whatever, whenever, however, nigga (One)
And since you infatuated with saying that gay shit (Faggot)
Bitch, you was kissing my dick when you was kissing that bitch (Oh)
Nasty shit, you thought I was boning Renette
You calling Carm' (Hello) a hundred times (Hello), I was (Hello) boning her neck (Call me back)
You got a baby by the broad, you can't disown her yet
When does your lies end? When does the truth begin?
When does reality set in, or does it not matter?
Gotta hurt: I'm your baby mama's favorite rapper (Haha)
And ask your current girl, she know what's up
Holla at a real nigga! Jigga! (I don't give a fuck!)

All I really know is your ho wants to be with me
And she ain't playing
And what I'm saying (She creeps with me)
And sleeps between the sheets
"That's all right. These things gotta happen every five years or so. Ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. It's been ten years since the last one."

[Song 86: My 1st Song]
85 ContributorsMy 1st Song Lyrics“My 1st Song” is the final track on Jay-Z’s 2003 retirement album which finds Hov using a Reasonable Doubt-era flow. The concept of the track was inspired by the Biggie interview sampled at the top, with Hov… Read More 
Well, I'ma s—try to stay above water, you know?
Just stay busy, stay working
Puff told me, like, "The key to this joint—
The key to staying on top of things is treat everything like it's your first project, know what I'm saying?
Like it's your first day, like, while—when you was an intern
Like, that's how you try to treat things—like, just stay hungry"
Ugh, ugh, ugh (Yes, yes)

Y'all wanna know why he don't stop?
Y'all wanna know why he don't flop?
Let me tell you pe-people why
Came from the bottom of the block, I—
When I was born, it was sworn:
I was never gon' be shit
Had to pull the opposite out this bitch
Had to get my ri-ide on (Rider)
"Eyes on the prize, Shawn"
Knew I had to, had to, had to get these chips
Had to make moves like Olajuwon
Started out selling dimes and nicks
Graduated to a brick, no exaggeration
My infatuation with the strip legendary
Like a schoolboy crushin' on
Merely nearly-every-every chick (Woo)
Heavy shit—that's how schoolboy got whipped
And got left on some "just me, myself, and I"
On some Trugoy shit
Had to voyage to a place of
To a place of no return
Had to play with fire and get burned
Only way the boy ever gon' learn
Had to lay in wait in the cut 'til I finally got my turn
Now, I'm on top in the spot that I earned

It's my life
It's my pain and my struggle
The song that I sing to you is my everything
Treat my first like my last (It's my life)
And my last like my first (Ugh)
And my thirst is the same as when I came
It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me (Yeah)
It's my everything

Like I never rode in a limo
Like I just dropped flows to a demo (Woo)
Like it's '92 again and
And I got O's in the rental (Ugh)
Back in the Stu' again, no problemo
Was a whole lot simple; when you think back
You thought that you would never make it this far; then you—
Take advantage of the luck you handed
Or the talent you been given
Ain't no half-steppin'; ain't no, no slippin'
Ain't no different from a block that's hittin'
Gotta get it while the getting's good
Gotta strike while the iron's hot
When you stop, then you gotta bid it good riddance
Goodbye! This is my second major breakup
My first was with a pager
With a hoopty, a cook-pot, and the game
This one's with the stu', with the stage, with the fortune—
Well, maybe not the fortune—but certainly the fame

It's my life—it's my pain and my struggle (Ugh)
The songs that I sing to you is my everything
Treat my first like my last and my last like my first
And my thirst is the same as when I came (Ugh-ugh)
It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me
It's my everything (Ugh-ugh)
Treat my first like my last
And my last like my first (Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
And my thirst like the first song I sang

Woo, ugh
It's like the blues, nigga
We gon' ride out on this one
Ty-Ty, B-High
Yo High, remember you was making them baskets for them niggas at radio and shit?
(Clark Kent)
That was good looking-out, nigga
(Carlene)
Who ever thought we'd make it this far, homie?
(Sha)
They can't stop us, know what I'm sayin'?
(Lenny S)
Dame, what up?
(Robbing the bank)
Niggas thought we was crazy, man (Haha)
Remember, wh—uh, you had that fucked-up-ass handwriting
You was writing all the numbers that we was spending down for the videos we was doing ourselves (Yes)
(Ski, what up? Original Flavor in the house)
Your accounting was crazy wrong and shit, but we—we still put it together
Biggs, what's up?
'Member we went to St. Thomas, and, uh—
(John Meneilly)
—your dog peed on homie leg and shit at his crib
(I think that was Ruby)
And they was having a lil' trouble with the pool
You and Ty-Ty was laughing
Emory was there—what up, Emory? (Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
What up, Ty? (Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
Hip-Hop—what up, man?
Ayy, ayy, Hop—you ain't—you ain't have no, uh—
You ain't have no muh'fucking seat on your b—on your bicycle
Now, you, uh, the head of black music
That's what I'm talking 'bout right there, homie
Gee—what up, Gee?
(Yessir)
E'erybody in the Roc
Hey, Guru, I know you spoiled, man
I be taking them shits in one take
You gonna have to punch niggas' shit
(Stiggity)
You gon' be tight?
OG Juan, what up? I'm a lil' upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process, but it's all good
What's up, Dez?
My whole family, my nephews, Ti-Ti
Cousin Angie, what's up?
(Bey, Bey, Bey, Bey)
Mom, you made the album—how crazy is that?
Bob-a-Lob, rest in peace
My pops, rest in peace (What's up A.J.?)
Biggie Smalls, rest in peace
Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh
Nigga, I—I'm 'bout to go golfing, man
Ayy, I might even have me a cappuccino—fuck it!
I'm going somewhere nice where no mosquitoes at, nigga
Holler at me!
It's your boy! {*headphones fall*}

[Song 87: Allure]
96 ContributorsAllure LyricsJay-Z ruminates on the old high of dealing drugs:
O lost, and by the wind grieved, Ghost, Come back again!
This is Jay’s favorite Jay-Z song. He said so himself while while performing it at the AMEX Sync… Read More 

Young! It's the life
Once again it's the life, yes
I don't know why, I.. get so high oh
It's intoxicating, man, y'all don't know why you do what you do
Get so high oh, get so high, high off the life

The allure of breaking the law
Was always too much for me to ever ignore
I've got a thing for the big-body Benzes, it dulls my senses
In love with a V-Dub engine
Man, I'm high off life, fuck it, I'm wasted
Bathing Ape kicks, Audemars Piguet wrist
My women-friends get tennis bracelets
Trips to Venice, get their Winters replaced with
The sun...it ain't even fun no more, I'm jaded
Man, it's just a game, I just play it to play it
I put my feet in the footprints left to me
Without saying a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy
Man, my brother hustled so, naturally
Up next was me, but what perplexes me
Shit, I know how this movie ends, still I play
The starring role in "Hovito's Way"

It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that," it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)

I'm like a Russian mobster, drinking distilled vodka
Until I'm under the field with Hoffa, it's real
Peel the top up like a toupée, mix the water with the soda
Turn the pot up, make a soufflé
All of y'all can get it like group-page on your two-way
I'm living proof that crime do pay
Say "hooray" to the bad guy, and all the broads
Putting cars in their name, for the stars of the game
Putting 'caine in their bras and their tomorrows on the train:
All in the name of love
Just to see that love locked in chains and the family came
Over the house to take back everything that they claimed
Or even the worse pain is the distress
Learning you're the mistress only after that love gets slain
And the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust
Now it gets tough to ever love again
But the allure of the game, keeps calling your name
To all the Lauras of the world, I feel your pain
To all the Christies in every cities and Tiffany Lanes:
We all hustlers in love with the same thing

It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that," it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)

I never felt more alive than riding shotgun
In Klein's green 5, until the cops pulled guns
And I tried to smoke weed to give me the fix I need -
What the game did to my pulse - with no results
And you can treat your nose and still won't come close
The game is a light bulb with eleventy-million volts
And I'm just a moth addicted to the floss
The doors lift from the floor and the tops come off
By any means necessary, whatever the cost
Even if it means lives is lost
And I can't explain why I just love to get high
Drink, "life!" smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice
I'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times
I may not even be alive
I mean even James Dean couldn't escape the allure
Dying young, leaving a good-looking corpse
Of course...

It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that," it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)

Once again its the life
Yeah I said its the life
Once I again its the life
(Oh no! I don't know why, I...)
(Get so high oh)
(Get so high oh)
(Get so high, high off the life)

[Song 88: Success]
85 ContributorsSuccess LyricsThis song is off Jay-Z’s 2007 album American Gangster. Inspired by the movie of the same name, the album uses the life arc of main character Frank Lucas – the humble beginnings as a drug dealer, the rise, the… Read More 
"Your success took a shot at you. What are you going to do now? How are you gonna kill it? You're gonna become unsuccessful? Frank, you can be successful and have enemies, uh?
Be unsuccessful too, and even have friends."

I got these niggas, Breezy, don't worry about it
Let that bitch breathe!
I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much stress
I guess I blew up quick
'Cause friends I grew up with
See me as a premie, but I'm not, and my nuts big
I don't know what the fuss is, my career is illustrious
My rep is impeccable; I'm not to be fucked with, with
Shit, let that bitch breathe!
I'm way too important to be talking about extorting
Asking me for a portion's like asking for a coffin
Broad daylight I'll off your on-switch
You're not too bright, goodnight, long kiss
Bye bye, my reply... "BLAH, BLAH"
Blast burner, then pass burner to Ty-Ty
Finish my breakfast, why?
I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry
Now where was I?
Let that bitch breathe!

I used to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more
Truth be told I had more fun when I was piss-poor
I'm pissed off, and this what success is all about?
A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths
All this stress, all I got is this big house
Couple of cars, I don't bring half of them shits out
All of this Ace of Spade I drink just to piss out
I mean, I like the taste, could've saved myself 6 hours
How many times can I go to Mr. Chow's, Tao's, Nobu?
Hold up, let me move my bowels
I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG, tell these boys
(Y'all ain't got shit on my nigga, aoww!)
I got watches I ain't seen in months
Apartment at the Trump I only slept in once
Niggas said Hova was over, such dummies
Even if I fell I'll land on a bunch of money
Y'all ain't got nothing for me

Nas, let that bitch breathe!

Success, McLaren, women staring
My villain appearance
Sacred blood of a king and my vein ain't spilling
Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello
Camaro driven, I climax from paper
Then ask: "Why is life worth living?"
Is it to hunt for the shit that you want?
To receive's great, but I lust giving
The best jewelers wanna make my things
I make Jacob shit on Lorraine just to make me a chain
Niggas mentioned on One Love
Came home to the paper in hand
Ain't gotta brag about the Feds, young man
Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments
Google Earth Nas; I got flats in other continents
Worst enemies wanna be my best friends
Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in
But I don't give a fuck, walk inside the lion's den
Take everybody's chips, 'bout to cash them in
Up your catalog, dog, mine's worth too much
Like Mike Jacks ATV pub, Mottola can't touch
Let this bitch breathe! (Ha heh)

Let this bitch breathe!

[Song 89: 22 Two’s]
93 Contributors22 Two’s Lyrics“22 Two’s” is Jay’s extended word game — go ahead, count the two/too/to’s!
In an interview with Spin magazine, producer Ski Beatz talked about “22 Two’s”:

That’s like my nightmare song because I never… Read More 

Yo wassup everybody, this is Maria Davis
Mad Wednesdays, we here tonight to have a good time
(Yo! Start the show! Start the show!)
Wait a minute; I see my man over there, Jay-Z
Jay-Z, Dame Dash let me hear that lil tape of yours, and it's phat
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil freestyle?
Put that champagne down, and kick a lil freestyle for me tonight

Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Y'all motherfuckers must've heard that Tribe Called Quest shit
Let's do it again!
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Well I'm gone... check this out

Too much West Coast dick lickin'
And too many niggas on a mission, doin' your best Jay-Z rendition
Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions
That you're just fish in a pool of sharks, nigga, listen
Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a ho
I'ma call you a ho, too many bitches are shady
Too many ladies give these niggas too many chances
Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances
No question; Jay-Z got too many answers
I been around this block too many times
Rocked too many rhymes, cocked too many nines, too
To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together
'Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever
I don't follow any guidelines 'cause too many niggas ride mine
So I change styles every two rhymes

Hah, what the fuck
That's 22 two's for y'all motherfuckers out there, nahmean?
Shall I continue? Check it out, what?

Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Well I'm gone... yo, yo, yo

Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya
Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up
Too many faggot niggas clockin' my spendin'
Exercisin' your gay-like minds like Richard Simmons
If you could catch Jay right, on the late night
Without the eight, right, maybe you could test my weight, right
I dip, spit quicker than you ever seen
Administer pain, next the minister's screamin' your name
At your wake as I peek in, look in your casket
Feelin' sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleepin'"
You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty
Mine's thinkin' longevity until I'm seventy
Livin' heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what?
Nigga you broke, what the fuck you going to tell me?

Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a phat track (aight)
Now this is comin' on your new album, on Roc-A-Fella records in '96?
(No doubt, no doubt)
Well, it is definitely the bomb! But you know I do wanna say somethin' to you, I know you've been havin' a lot of problems with the law
But I know you innocent, and I'm behind you 100%
Mad Wednesdays, Ruby King, DJ Ace, Dame Dash, Roc-A-Fella Records, we all behind you, you can come back any time!
(Hah, thanks a lot)
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, Ace, turn that music down. I smell some reefer, now you see? That's why, our people don't have anything, because we don't know how to go in places and act properly
(Hey, shut the fuck up!)
Wait a minute, wait a minute, who told me shut the eff up? Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here! I'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out! Get him out right now, then I'ma continue my speech!
Thank you, he's out of here now, now like I was sayin'... we gotta build our own businesses, we gotta get our own record companies goin' like Roc-A-Fella Records, we got to put money back into our own community...

[Song 90: This Can’t Be Life]
91 ContributorsThis Can’t Be Life LyricsOn “This Can’t Be Life” Jay-Z, Beanie Sigel and Scarface present their most pensive and mournful selves, openly wondering if there’s any point to living through pain. Scarface’s heart-breaking guest verse is… Read More 
Gyeah... whassup?
To all my street niggas, project niggas
Real niggas, worldwide
Let's reflect, everybody got a story
We all ghetto, B – here's mine
Gyeah

See I was–born in sewage, born to make bomb music
Flow tight like I was born Jewish
Used the streets as a conduit
I kept arms, .38 longs inside my mom's Buick
At any given moment, Shawn could lose it, be on the news
Iron cuffs - arms through it, or stuffed with embalming fluid
Shit, I'm going through it – Mom Dukes too
Tears streaming down her pretty face, she got her palms to it
My life is getting too wild
I need to bring some sort of calm to it
'Bout to lose it, voices screaming "Don't do it!"
It's like '93, '94, 'bout the year
That Big and Mack dropped and 'Illmatic' rocked
Outta every rag drop, and the West had it locked
Everybody doing them, I'm still stretching on the block
Like "Damn, I'ma be a failure"
Surrounded by thugs, drugs, and drug paraphernalia
Cops, courts, and their thoughts is to derail us
Three-time felons in shorts with jealous thoughts
Trying to figure where your mail is
Guesstimate the weight you selling
So they can send shots straight to your melon – wait!
It gets worse, baby momma water burst
Baby came out stillborn, still I gotta move on
Though my heart still torn, life gone from her womb
Don't worry, if it was meant to be, it'll be–soon

This can't be life, this can't be love
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us
This can't be life, this can't be love
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us

Chill, dawg...
Second oldest born, from Michelle Brown, my mother
Hellbound, grew with two sisters and one brother
Pop wasn't around, so many stories – that's another
I'm thinking, "Damn, how my older sister gon' make me tougher?"
When steel sharpens steel, I'ma keep it real
I'm tired of trying to hide my pain behind the syrups and pills
Dead to the world, stretched out like a corpse for real
Y'all niggas thinking what y'all reading in 'The Source' is real
What my life like, you looking at the source–it's real
"What your life like?" Mine, dawg? Of course it's real
Passing judgment, you niggas second-guessing Beans
'Cause you don't eat swine don't make you Mu'min
Dawg, you know a couple surahs out the Qur'an
I guess you all on your Dīn and I ain't on mine
Stop that, Ahki – 'fore I send shots through your body
Make 'em feel Hell on Earth before Allah drop me
I feel the line's drawn here, nothing more can stop me
'Til them Feds pick me up, or them boys pop me
There's only three things that make Mack not act like Beans –
Amatullah Tisha, Po Aldin, Samir Amin
My seeds, dawg, gotta teach 'em that before I leave, dawg
Shit, I know that I'ma see 'em when I leave, dawg
I come back in the afterlife
Like, fuck it, I done touched Hell twice – what's the meaning?

This can't be life, this can't be love
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us
This can't be life, this can't be love
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us
Life... yeah... uhh...
Now as I walk into the studio to do this with Jig'
I got a phone call from one of my nigs
Said my homeboy, Reek, he just lost one of his kids
And when I heard that, I just broke into tears
And see, in the second hand – you don't really know how this is
But when it hits that close to home, you feel the pain at the crib
So I called mine, and saddened my wife with the bad news
Now we both depressed, counting our blessings, 'cause Brad's two
Praying for young souls to laugh at life through the stars
Loving your kids, just like you was ours
And I'm hurting for you, dawg – but ain't nobody pain is like yours
I just know that Heaven'll open these doors
And ain't no bright side to losing life, but you can view it like this
God's got open hands, homie, he in the midst
Of good company, who loves all and hates not one
And one day, you gon' be with your son
I could've rapped about my hard times on this song
But Heaven knows I woulda been wrong
I wouldn'ta been right, it wouldn'ta been love
It wouldn'ta been life, it wouldn'ta been us
This can't be life

This can't be life, this can't be love
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us
This can't be life, this can't be love
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us
This can't be life...

[Song 91: Politics as Usual]
94 ContributorsPolitics as Usual LyricsWhen you are a drug dealer, your “body politic” consists of your supplier, your customers, the police, and the competition. To paraphrase former Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill: For a cocaine dealer, “all… Read More 
You know how we do
Roc-A-Fella... forever...

You can catch me
Skatin' through your town, puttin' it down, y'all relatin'
No waitin', I'll make your block infrared hot: I'm like Satan
Y'all feel a nigga's struggle, y'all think a nigga love to
Hustle behind the wheel, tryin' to escape my trouble
Kids stop they greetin' me, I'm talking sweet to keys
Cursin' the very God that brought this grief to be
My life is based on sacrifices, jewels like Isis
And fools that think I slip, you fuck around
You get your guys hit, they built me to be filthy
On some I-do-or-die shit, for real
The price of leather's got me, deeper than ever and
Just think, winter's here, I'm tryin' to feel mink, nig-ga

Politics as usual

I took my Frito to Tito in the district
Blessed me with some VS
Somethings I can live with: stop frontin'
And for the dough I raise, gotta get shit appraised
No disrespect to you, make sure your word is true
I'm takin' wages down in Vegas just in case Tyson
Have a major night off, that's clean money, the tax write-off
You ain't seen money in your life, when it
Comes to this cheese y'all like Three Blind Mice
I'm smokin' bros who pump Willie, I expose
The furthest you Chiles been is the Poconos
My portfolio reads: leads to Don Corleone, nigga please
10-year felon, heavy on the wrist, I faze yous
With the diamond flooded Jesus and blind your facials
For life... it's right, Jigga, I keep it tight, nig-ga

Politics as usual

You feel my triumph never - feel my pain
I'm lyin' low in the leathers, I am, the best that's ever came
The game changes like my mind just ain't right
Rewind get this dough, I guess it ain't your night
Suckin' me in like a vacuum, I remember
Tellin' my family: "I'll be back soon"; that was December
'85 and Jay-Z rise 10 years later
Got me wise still can't break my underworld ties
I wear black a lot, in the Ac', act a lot
Got matchin' VCR's, a huge Magnavox
Ten inch, green like spinach, pop wines that's vintage
It's a lot of big money in my sentence
Hittin' towards a mil', lip a, written I kill like that
Check baby one-two cat, yeah, I do that
Ain't no stoppin' the champagne from poppin'
The drawers from droppin', the law from watchin', I hate 'em

Politics as usual

[Song 92: The Ruler’s Back]
80 ContributorsThe Ruler’s Back LyricsThe opening song on Jay-Z’s sixth studio album, The Blueprint, is a tribute to the Slick Rick song of the same name. In addition, it gets back at Nas for a then-recent insult, setting the stage for the… Read More 
Woo, woo, woo, woo
I am back, niggas
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha (Uh-oh, uh-oh, woo, woo)
Ladies and gentlemen, H to the izz-O (H to the izz-O)
I wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase
We surely appreciate it (Woo)
What you about to witness is my thoughts (Just my thoughts, man)
Right or wrong
Just what I was feelin' at the time (Uh)
You ever felt like this, vibe with me (Walk with a nigga, man)
Just vibe with me
Yo

Gather 'round, hustlers, that's if you still livin'
And get on down to that ol' Jig rhythm
Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison
A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high
I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people
Mouthpiece for hustlers, I'm back, motherfuckers
Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns
Y'all can't fuck with Hov, what type of X y'all on?
I got great lawyers for cops, so dress warm
Charges don't stick to dude, he's Teflon
I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred
I'm not guilty, now give me back my bread
Mr. District Attorney, I'm not sure if they told you
I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to?
Plus - Hov don't run, Hov stand and fight
Hov a soldier, Hov been fightin' all his life so
What could you do to me? It's not new to me
Sue me? Fuck you, what's a couple dollars to me?
But you will respect me, simple as that
Or I got no problem goin' back
I'm representin' for the seat where Rosa Parks sat
Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped (Come on)
So off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
The ruler's back

I am back, niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Turn the motherfuckin' music up (The ruler is back)
I am back, niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Well, in these times, well, at least to me
There's a lot of rappers out there tryin' to sound like Jay-Z
I'll help you out, here's what you do
You gonna need a wide lens 'cause that's a ver' big shoe
And you got a couple of beans and you don't have a clue?
Your situation is bleek, I'ma keep it real 'cause
Fuckin' with me, you gotta drop a mil'
'Cause if you gonna cop somethin', you gotta cop for real
Don't only talk it, walk like it, from the bricks to the booth
I could predict the future like Cleo the psychic
You can't date skeeos and wife it (Uh-uh)
And you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices
So what your life is?
We gon' roll 'til the wheels fall off, y'all motherfuckers check the tires
Off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of that Bentley is a pro

The ruler's back
I am back, niggas
Feels good, ha
Pah, holla at me
The ruler's back
Yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Now bounce, come on, bounce
Uh (Woo, woo)
Bounce, come on, bounce
Uh, uh, yeah, yeah
Bounce, come on, bounce
Uh, yeah, just my thoughts, ladies and gentlemen
Just what I'm feelin' at the time, you know what I mean?
You know what I mean?

[Song 93: “Grammy Family” Freestyle]
61 Contributors“Grammy Family” Freestyle LyricsHov’s jaw-dropping radio freestyle from around the time of Kingdom Come. He ruminates on success and its costs
Some of these lyrics – far too good to be wasted – would pop up on future songs like  “Operation… Read More 
I been crushing the building since Izod socks
So independent, sh..I might buy Koch
I might not stop
Places to cop, seventy-six floors, you can call me the Doc
Say when, say when
(When!)

Inspired by Basquiat, my chariot's on fire
Everybody took shots, hit my body up, I'm tired
Build me up, break me down to build me up again
They like: "Hov, we need you back so we can kill your ass again"
"Hov got flow though he's no Big and Pac, but he's close"
How I'm 'posed to win? they got me fightin' ghosts
Same sword they knight you they gon' good night you with
Sh.., Thats' only half if they like you
That ain't even the half what they might do
Don't believe me, ask Michael
See Martin, see Malcolm
You see Biggie, see Pac, see success and its outcome
See Jesus, see Judas; see Caesar, see Brutus
See success is like suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
If you succeed, prepare to be crucified
Media meddles, niggas sue you, you settle
Every step you take, they remind you you ghetto
So it's tough bein' Bobby Brown
To be Bobby then, you gotta be Bobby now
Now the question is, is to have had and lost
Better than not having at 

Everybody wanna be the King then shots ring
You layin' on your balcony with holes in your dream
Or you Malcolm X-d out, get distracted by screams
Everybody get your hand off my jeans
Everybody look at you strange, say you changed
Uhh! Like you work that hard to stay the same
Uhh! Game stays the same, the name changes
So its best for those to not overdose on being famous
Most kings get driven so insane
That they try to hit the same vein that Kurt Cobain did
No dangers, so shameless
Invited to the inner sanctum of your chambers
Low chain 'em as the enemies approach
So raise your draw bridge and drown them in the moat
And the Spirit I'm evoking
Hold on

Everybody screaming they want the old Hov
But the new improved Hov hit like Albert Pujols
Everybody wanna hear me talk that money like Phil Rizzuto
But my mind is on Pluto
Bills that I do fold, I now invest on
Trying to find some loopholes in the IRS
As where I used to have a few hoes, I am just
Concentrating on making a new Hov through sex
I've awakened just in time to school those putos
Trying to follow in my shoes with jewels froze
Better adhere to this text 'fore you go
Broke, spending more than you've accrued on silly baguettes
I know silly begets silly you'll learn on your own
At least my conscience is clear, I'm no longer steering you wrong
Ain't nothing wrong with baguettes after you get a home
Take care of your home, you can go back and—ugh!

I'm getting courted by the bosses
The Edgars And Doug Morris-es-es
Jimmy I's and Lyors-es -- it's
Gotta be more than the choruses
They respecting my mind now
Just a matter of time now
Operation: Takeover Corporate
Makeover offices-es-es then takeover all of it
Please may these words be recorded
To serve as testimony that I saw it all before it
Came to fruition, sort of a premonition
Uncontrollable hustler's ambition
Alias Superstition, like Stevie
The writing's on the wall like my lady, right baby?
Saw it all before, some of y'all thought I was crazy, maybe
Like a fox, I'm cagey, ah-ah
The more successful, the more stressful
The more and more I transform to Gordon Gekko
In the race to a billion got my face to the ceiling
Got my knees on the floor, please Lord forgive him
Has he lost his religion, is the greed gon' get him?
He's having heaven on earth, will his wings still fit him?
I got the Forbes on my living room floor
And I'm still talking to the poor, nigga I want more
TIME's most influential, was impressive
'Specially since I wasn't in the artist section
Had me with the builders and the titans
Had me right with Rupert Murdoch
Billionaire boys and some dudes you never heard of
Word up on Madison Ave is I'm a cash cow
Word down on Wall Street, homie, you get the cash out
IPO Hov, no need for reverse merger
The boy money talk no need to converse further
The baby blue Maybach like I own Gerber
Boardroom I'm lifting ya skirt up

[Song 94: Blue’s Freestyle/We Family]
96 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsBlue’s Freestyle/We Family Lyrics
Everything, everything this my only single thing
Everything I hear is my answer
And if you think I say, then innocent if I say?
I never hear that, I be in the posse
Never seen a ceiling in my whole life
Everything I seen, everything is rotten
Never sit in silence, innocent is Carter
Innocent we seek them
I and say we see them
Everything I feed, everything I read
Boom shakalaka, boom shakalaka
Boom shakalaka, boom shakalaka
Everything in shaka, everything in faka
Everything in shaka, everything in faka

I got bloodlines in Benin, that explains the voodoo
Got poison in my pen, thank god for Lulu
And thank the heavens for BB, her Creole roots run deeply
I'm crazy, you ever leave me I might have to put on a gris-gris
Spell for us to stay together
Facelessness
Maison Margiela embracing

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family

'Cause more than ever we gon' have to stick together, feel me?
More than ever my niggas gon' have to stick together, feel me?
Already ahead of your end, in the foreign bumping Fela, feel me?
Was out in Havana when that had that banned forever, feel me?
Fuck embargoes, I'm a Narco
Colombian ties, shout out to Dapo
OG Juan also

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family

Feel me?
All the fellas from the favelas 'round me, feel me?
Lagos, all the barrios 'round me, feel me?
Bismillah, all the gods around me
Mexicanos ain't building fucking walls around me

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family

I feel like Ali
Viet Cong never done shit to me, feel me?
More worried about Trump than anyone overseas, feel me?
I'm out in the art clubs out in London sipping tea, feel me?
I'm out in Michelangelos in FTs

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family, feel me?

[Song 95: Already Home]
98 ContributorsAlready Home LyricsThe Kid Cudi assisted “Already Home” is a triumphant anthem that celebrates JAY-Z’s rise and dominance in the rap game. On the track, Jay addresses his haters and emphasizes that his run will not fall off for… Read More 

Yeezy, Hova, Yeezy
Yeezy Yeezy, Hova, hold up
You either love me or leave me alone
You either love me or leave me alone

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home

Now one more 'gin

Oh (Oh), they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (No)
They want me to go (No)
I'm already gone (Gone)
The shit that I'm on (Already)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home

These niggas want me to go, don’t they know that I'm gone?
They know I'm space shuttle level, they need oxyg-g-g-gen
Don't they know that they boring? Don’t they know that I yawn?
Only time they exciting is when they mentioning Shawn
Seen Single White Female when she dyed her hair blonde?
Sometimes I look at these rappers, the movie remind me of them
Somebody turn these boys off, don't they know that I'm on
Can't they see that it's foolish to try and kill me with songs
What the fuck are they Lauryn, they killing me softly
You talk me to death, only thing you do is talk
I open the door for them, what else can I do
These niggas want me to walk for them
Somebody talk to them before I go off on them

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home

I taught 'em 'bout fishscale, they want me to fish for them
They want me to catch clean then cook up a dish for them
All of this just for them or they got a diss for him
They want me to disappear like it's gon' shift for them
They say that I'm in the way, they want me to sit for them
But what they admitting is they ain't got shit for him
And really the fact is, we not in the same bracket
Not in the same league, don't shoot at the same baskets
Don't pay the same taxes, hang with the same bitches
So how am I in the way, what is it I'm missing?
Nigga I been missing, nigga I been gone
The shit that you just witnessing I been on
And as for the critics, tell me I don't get it
Everybody can tell you how to do it, they never did it
Now these niggas is mad, oh, they call me a Camel
But I mastered the drought, what the fuck I'm an animal
Half man half mammal, my sign is a Sag
This is just what I planned to do, oh, don't be mad

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home

I'm in The Hall already, on the wall already
I'm a work of art, I'm a Warhol already
On another level, on another plane already
H-O-V, I got my own lane, already (Already)
I done cooked up the rock already
So why the fuck can't y'all get hot already? (Already)
Put your name in the pot already
Niggas compare me to Biggie and Pac already (Already)
Like I'm gone already
And I am nigga I'm already home already (Already)
If y'all can't already see
I ain't worried about y'all 'cause I'm already me (Already)
Yeah, do you already, enough with the complaining
Boo-hoo's already, eat food already
Ain't nothing given you gotta claim your shoes already

Yeah, so in summation, I don't know who you racing
I'm already at the finish line with the flag waving
Come on

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Oh (Oh), they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (No)
They want me to go (No)
I'm already gone (Gone)
The shit that I'm on (Already)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home

[Song 96: Anything]
73 ContributorsAnything Lyrics“Anything” is a Jay-Z single found on Beanie Sigel’s 2000 album The Truth. It was also was included as a bonus track on the European version of Jay-Z’s Vol. 3… Life and Times of S. Carter. Similar to the use… Read More 
Uh huh, yea, yeah
Duro, you gotta let it bump
Uh
Uh
Uh, like dat, yeah
Come on, bring the chorus in

I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you

I’d do a bid, loose a rib, bust a cap, trust in that
Run up to heaven doors, exchange my life for yours
Leave a steak out the door – mi casa, su casa
Just remember to turn the lights off in the hall
My brother from another pop, minus one shot
We Nino and Gee Money, man, we all we got
From the stoop to the big dudes, stoppin' us from playin' hoops
And us getting mad, throwing rocks off the roof
Straight thuggin', man, I thought we would never progress
But look at us now, man, we're young execs
My nigga Dame, my nigga Biggs, my nigga Ty
My nigga High, my nigga Gotti
We embody all that’s right with the world
No matter how pretty she is, you never liking my girl
That's how we run –
When you ain’t around, I'll spank ya son, keep him in line
If you should die, I’ll keep him like mine
God forbid, keep this in mind, my nigga

I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you
I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you

I know, Momma, your little baby
But these streets raised me crazy
Product of my environment, nothing can save me
Thanks for letting me bloom, for your wisdom, for your womb
For the roof over my head, for my shoes, for my bed
For the most important lesson in life, was when you said
"Strive for what you believe in, set goals and you can achieve them"
Thanks for the days you kept me breathing
When my asthma was bad and my chest was wheezin'
Thanks for the look of love, just as I was leaving
On nights you thought that I wouldn't come back, that left you grieving
Thanks for holdin' down the household when times was bad
As a man, I apologize for my dad
When the rent was due, you would hustle like a pimp would do
That wasn’t the life meant for you
You’re a queen, you deserve the cream, everything that gleamed
Everything that shines, everything that’s mine

I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you
I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you

Check it out, uh, uh...
Dear nephews, I’m writing this with no pen or a pad
And I’m signing it, ya uncle, ya best friend, and ya dad
Don't look back, if you fall and you’re feeling bad
I’m right there, from your cut to when you peelin' the scab
If it comes a time when you ain’t feelin' your real dad
Put my face on his body, don’t wait for nobody
Don’t follow no nigga, that's ho shit, man
Stand on your own two, do your shit, man
The world is yours; some girls are nice, some girls are whores
Don't listen to your crew, do what works for you
Standing back from situations gives you the perfect view
You see the snakes in the grass and you wait on their ass
Bite your tongue for no one, and whatever is said
Take it how they want, a closed mouth don't get fed
You know my number when it’s code red
If you're wrong, my nigga
You're my nephew, fuck it, we get it on, my lil' nigga

I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you
I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you
I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you
I'd risk everything
For one kiss, everything
Yes, I'd do anything (Anything?)
Anything for you

[Song 97: A Week Ago]
53 ContributorsA Week Ago LyricsOn “A Week Ago,” Jay-Z and Too $hort reflect on the age-old situation of things changing between close friends. In this specific context, they describe how partnerships in the drug game can fall apart when… Read More 
Uh-huh
That's right
It was all good just a week ago
Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago
Last week I had everything
Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago
I had the money... had the cars, the bitches
Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago
And the jewelry...
And then my motherfuckin' niggas started snitchin'
Uh-huh, uh uh, yo, yo
Beatch!
Growin' up in the hood, just my dog and me
We used to hustle in the hood, for all to see
Problems–I called on him, he called on me
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P
Let him unlock doors off my keys
Yeah, we spoke, much more than cordially
Man, he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
Used to call me from the joint, 'til he ran out of change
And when he called collect and I heard his name –
I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone
He's talkin' reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone
I said, "Damn, dog! What, nine weeks and you're home?"
He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet 'cause you're home"
I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone
Them crackers up there bleachin' your dome
You're reachin' – I said, "The world don't stop, I got to keep, keep on"
From there, I sensed the beef was on
I ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone
Can't be too safe, ‘cause niggas is two-faced
And they show the other side, when they catch a new case
It's on

It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home, where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell
We both came in this game, blind as hell
I did a little better, had more clientele
Told you "put away some cheddar," now you cryin' for bail
Seventeen, and I'm holdin' on to around a mill'
I could bail out, blow trial, and come around on appeal
Had niggas thinkin' I was from Uptown for real
I had so much hustle, plus I was down to ill
Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville
Down and dirty, down to fight to round 30
Freezin' on them corners, still holdin' my crack
Lookin' up and down the block, "the fuck is the dough at?"
Came from flat broke to lettin' the dough stack
You tell them Feds I said, "I'm never going back"
I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious

It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
Shit was all good just a week ago

The lawyer I retained you, said you leakin' some things
All this after a week in the bing
I'm mad at myself, 'cause I didn't spot the weakling
I would've bet the house you wouldn't speak a thing
Nigga, this was the oath – to the top or broke
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
We supposed to cock the ninas – what happened to that?
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh, make you cry (That's right)
The same game that make you math could make you die
(That's life) It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap
Who would've thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad
And your son gotta grow up, like, "This is my dad?"
The labeling of a snitch is a lifetime scar
You'll always be in jail, nigga, just minus the bars

It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

Shit is crazy, man
All these niggas out here snitchin'
We was one step away from takin' this crack money
And recyclin' it through the ghettos
And buildin' back up our own hoods
Now all you niggas start snitchin' on each other
I got partners doin' 15-20
Wouldn'ta been doin' shit
If you didn't snitch, beatch!
It's about time y'all check that shit out, man
It ain't all good, shut your mouth
Just watch the game
And don't snitch
We'd sure go a lot whole further
Believe that, baby
Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house, mane
You know I got it
Got it goin' on
We got the money
Ain't got nuthin' to do with crime, baby
But I'm recognizin'
You rat bastard!

[Song 98: Threat]
131 ContributorsThreat LyricsFrom Jay-Z’s The Black Album. The song contains a sample from “A Woman’s Threat” by R. Kelly.

The song is likely a general “threat” addressed to no one in particular. The lyrics are riddled with references… Read More 

Yo, what's up, pimp, this threats
That's right, that's the, the that's, this threats, pimp
And I'm serious about mine, I'm so sincere
And I, nigga, I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up
Put ya inside the mattress like drug money, nigga

Yeah, I done told you niggas nine or ten times, stop fuckin' with me
I done told you niggas, nine albums, stop fuckin' with me
I done told you niggas, the 9 on me, stop fuckin' with me
You niggas must got nine lives
9th Wonder

Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya
Am I frightenin' ya? Shall I continue?
I put the gun to ya, I let it sing you a song
I let it hum to ya, the other one sing along
Now it's a duet and you wet when you check out
The technique from the two TECs and I don't need two lips
To blow this like a trumpet, you dumb shit
This is a unusual musical, I conduct it
You lookin' at the Black Warren Buffett
So all critics can duck sick
I don't care if you C. Delores Tuck-it
Or you Bill O'Reilly, you only rilin' me up
For three years, they had me peein' out of a cup
Now they 'bout to free me up, what you think I'm gon' be, what?
Rehabilitated? Man, I still feel hatred
I'm young, Black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but
You'll never have me like Christina Aguiler-y
But catch me down the Westside, drivin' like Halle Berry
Or the FDR, in the seat of my car
Screamin' out the sunroof, "Death to y'all"
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars
I put the wolves on ya, I put a price on your head
The whole hood'll want ya, you startin' to look like bread
I send them boys at ya, I ain't talkin' 'bout feds
Nigga, them body-snatchers, nigga, you heard what I said

I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga, stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P...

That's right there, nigga I'm, nigga, I'm wild
Nigga, I keep trash bags with me
Never know when you gotta dump a nigga out
This sincere, this some sincere shit right here!

Grown man, I put hands on you
I dig a hole in the desert, then build the Sands on you
Lay out blueprint plans on you
We Rat Pack niggas, let Sam tap dance on you
Then I Sinatra, shot ya, goddamn you
I put the boy in the box like David Blaine
Let the audience watch, it ain't a thang
Y'all wish I was frontin', I George Bush the button
For the oil in your car, lift up your hood, nigga run it
Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it
Your boy got the goods, y'all don't want nothin' of it
Like, castor oil, I'll Castor Troy you
Change your face or the bullets change all that for you
Y'all niggas is targets, y'all garages for bullets
Please don't make me park it in your upper level
Valet a couple strays from the .38 special, nigga
God bless you

I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga, stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P...

Yeah, I'm threatenin' ya, yeah! I'm threatenin' ya!
Who you thank you dealin' with?
They call me Threats, nigga
I been makin' threats since I been in kindergarten, nigga!
Huh, ask about me, see if you ain't heard

When the gun is tucked, untucked, nigga, you dies
Like nunchuks held by the Jet L-I
I'm the one, thus meaning, no one must try
No two, no three, no four—know why?
Because one's four-five might blow yo' high
You ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' God
It's a match made in heaven when I——'splay the 7
Put you on "The Nigga News," UPN at 11
Where you been? You ain't heard?
Got the word that I'm——that I'm so sincer'?
I'm especially Joe Pesci with it, friend
I will kill you, commit suicide and kill you again
That's right

I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga, stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P...

Whattup? Motherfucker, I keep three motherfuckers what?
Nigga, I'll throw a Molotov cocktail
Through your momma's momma's house
Nigga, what the, where everybody live!
Undercover nigga, take your teeth out your mouth, nigga
Chew your food up and put the shit back in your mouth, nigga
And help you swallow
Nigga, I take a mop handle off, nigga
And sweep, nigga, hold on, I'll be, nigga, what?

[Song 99: Intro / A Million and One Questions / Rhyme No More]
89 ContributorsIntro / A Million and One Questions / Rhyme No More Lyrics

Somebody's pulling me closer to the ground
I ain't panicked, I been here before
Seems like only yesterday when I got up on that stage
In front of that crowd
And showed them who was who, and what was what
Man look at these suckers
I ain't no rapper, I'm a hustler
It just so happens that I know how to rap
OKAY, I'M RELOADED!
A million

Uh-huh, I did it again niggas
Fucked up, right? Ha, I know
I know what y'all niggas asking yourself
Is he gon' ever fall off?
No...

A lot of speculation
On the monies I've made, honies I've slayed
How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid?
Hustlers I've met or, dealt with direct
Is it true he stayed in beef and slept with a TEC?
What's the position you hold?
Can you really match a triple platinum artist buck by buck
But only a single goin' gold?
If Roc-A-Fella should fold, and you're left out in the cold
Is it back to charging motherfuckers 11 for an O?
For the millionth time, asking me questions
Like Wendy Williams, harassing me
Then get upset when I catch feelings
Can I get a minute to breathe? And in that minute you leave
While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinning on my sleeve
Ugh, nice watch, do you really have a spot?
Like you said in Friend or Foe and if so, what block?
What you doin in L.A., with Filipinos and Eses?
Latinos and Chevys, down by Pico with Frederico
I'll answer all your questions but then y'all got to go
Now the question I ask you is, "How bad you wanna know?"
BLAOW!

A million

Roc-A-Fella y'all, uhh, uh
Know my style

Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more
'Til I'm no more, 'cause I'm so raw
My flow expose holes that they find in yours
Wasn't for me, niggas still be dying for whores
But I hate when a nigga sit back, admiring yours
Young blood, you better get that, we frying because
Niggas don't want to be confined to riding the iron horse
And don't listen to the rappers yo, they dying to floss
I used to be O.T., applyin' the force
Shoot up the whole block, then the iron I toss
Come back with the clique playing Diana Ross
I'm the boss and this is how it's gon' be
Burnt the turnpike, wild miles on the V
I got mouths to feed 'til they put flowers on me
And kiss my cold cheek, chicks crying like I was Cochise
Tombstone read, "He was holdin' no leaks"
Started from the crack game and then sold sweet
Freaked it to the rap game, Jigga the O.G
On MTV, telling 'em how I sold D
And used to bag work up out of apartment 4-B
Me and my homie, started out co-d's
Picked the mailbox lock 'cause I ain't have no key
Had the cable with the anchor when Jaz made 'Sophie'
Then I went low key, but now I'm back, it's on
Motherfuckers!

Jigga, uh-huh, yeah
Roc-A-Fella y'all, uuuh
Uhh, feel this

[Song 100: Change Clothes]
84 ContributorsChange Clothes LyricsThis Neptunes-produced track was the lead single from 2003’s The Black Album.
The song is an ode to dressing better and losing throwback jerseys, a message so powerful that it actually had NBA commissioner… Read More 
Wooo! Uh, uh, bounce is back
Uhh, uh-uh uh uh, geyeah, uh, your boy is back
(Sexy, sexy) I know y'all missed the bounce
You need to bounce for the sexy, you know?
Hah, haha, uh, let's get it in

Yeah ma, your dude is back, the Maybach Coupe is back
Tell the whole world the truth is back
You ain't gotta argue about who can rap
'Cause the proof is back, just go through my raps
(New York, New York!) Yeah, where my troopers at?
Where my hustlers, where my boosters at?
I don't care what you do for stacks
I know the world glued your back to the wall
You gotta brawl, do that
I been through that, been shot at, shoot back
Gotta keep a peace like a Buddhist
I ain't a New Jack; nobody gon' Wesley Snipe me
It's less than likely, move back
Let I breathe, Jedi Knight
The more space I get the better I write
Oh, never I write, but if ever I write
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just

Change clothes, and go
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
So let's exchange numbers and go
And girl I promise you no substitutes
It's just me
Ha, ha!

And I ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the Phantom
You can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem
Or you can come by yourself if you can stand him
Best believe, I sweat out weaves
Give Afro Puffs like R-A-G-E
Hard you get if you could move it
Back it on up like a U-Haul truck
Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi new shit
He and the boy Phar-real make beautiful music
He is to the East Coast what Snoop is
To the West Coast, what 'Face is to Houston
Young Hov' in the house is so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Now why you fronting on me, is that necessary?
Do I, to you, look like a lame
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game
Who's up on dot dot dot and Vera Wang
Ma are you insane? Let's just
(What you want me to do?)

Change clothes, and go
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
So let's exchange numbers and go
And girl I promise you, no substitutes
It's just me

Ha ha! Sexy sexy, ha ha! Sexy sexy
(It's so necessary ma)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Woo, that's right, it's a groove)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Uh, uh, it's a groove, uh, bring it back)
Ha ha!

Young Hov' in the house, it's so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Why you frontin' on me?
Let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well
With those S. Dots, gotta stay fresh ma
Ma, I don't shop where the rest buy
Ho no ma, please respect my
Jiggy this is probably Purple Label
Or that BBC shit or it's probably tailored
And y'all niggas actin' way too tough
Throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just:

Change clothes, and go
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
So let's exchange numbers and go
And girl I promise you, no substitutes
It's just me

Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Uh, uh, WOO, sing along)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (yeah, uh.. turn your radio up)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (woo, put your hands in the air if you in the club)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (snap your fingers now, uh, woo!)
Ha ha! (Your boy is back, uh-huh, uh, uh)
(The bounce is back, uh, uh woo!)
(Uh, Young is back, hahahaha - PEACE!!!)

[Song 101: Ain’t No Nigga]
98 ContributorsAin’t No Nigga LyricsJAY-Z puts his own twist on The Four Tops' “Ain’t No Woman (Like the One I’ve Got)” to create the second single off Reasonable Doubt. The clean version is “Ain’t No Playa.”
The song got JAY-Z his earliest… Read More 

Fox Brown (What, what)
Ha-ha-ha (Yeah, Jay-Z, what)

I keep it fresher than the next, bitch
No need for you to ever sweat the next bitch (Aha)
With speed, I make the best bitch see the exit, indeed
You gotta know you're thoroughly respected by me
You get the keys to the Lexus with no driver (What)
You got your own '96 somethin' to ride (Ride)
And keep your ass tight up in Versace, that's why
You gotta watch your friends, you got to watch me, they connivin'
Shit, the first chance to crack the bank, they try me
All they get is 50 cent franks and papayas
From the village to the telly, time to kill it on your belly no question
Had more black chicks between my sheets than "Essence" (What)
They say sex is a weapon
So when I shoot, meet your death in less than 8 seconds
Still poundin' in my afterlife
Laughin', my shit is tight, who you askin', right?

Ain't no nigga like the one I got
No one can fuck you better
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah)
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own (Yeah, right)
Man of their own, man of their own (Yeah, yeah)

Fresh to death in Moschino, Coach bag
Lookin' half black and Filipino, fakin' no jacks
Got you a beeper to feel important, surroundin' your feet
In Joan & David and Charles Jourdan, I keep you dove, but love
You know these hoes be makin' me weak
Y'all knows how it goes, B, and so I creep
I've been sinnin' since you been playin' with Barbie and Ken and
You can't change a player's game in the 9th inning
The chrome rim spinnin' keeps them grinnin'
So I run way the fuck up in 'em and wrinkle they face like linen
I play hard until they say, "God
He's keepin' it real, Jigga stay hard"
Lord, don't even trip, shit, I never slip
Nigga, get a grip, what you don't see is what you get (What)
Weapons concealed, what the fuck y'all feel
When you niggas play sick (Foxy Brown) we can all get ill (What the deal?)

What the deal? Ain't no nigga like the one I got
No one can fuck you better
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah)
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own (Hah, hah)
Man of their own, man of their own (Right, right)

Yo, ain't no stoppin' this, no lie
Promise to stay monogamous, I try
But, love, you know these hoes be makin' me weak
Y'all know how it goes, B, so I stay deep
What up, boo? Just keep me laced in the illest snakes
Bank rolls and shit, back rubs in the French tubs
Mackin' this bitch, wifey nigga
So when you flip that coke, remember the days you was dead broke
But now you style and I raised you, basically made you
Into a don, flippin' weight, Her-on and shit
You know the pussy is all that
That's why I get baguettes, 5 carats and all that
From Dolce Gabbana to H Bendel, I'm ringin' bells
So who the player? I still keep you in the illest gators
Tailor-made so we can lay up in the shade reminiscin'
On how I fuck the best and shit
Especially when I'm sippin' Baileys
Don't give a fuck about how you move with them other mamis
I push the Z, eatin' shrimp scampi with rocks larger than life
Fuck them Reebok broads, you made it known who your wife was
I got you frontin' in Armani sweaters
Before this rap shit, when you was in leathers and bullshit Berettas
And E classes with Mo in the glasses
Shows in Cali with all the flavor suede Bally's
Now all your mens is up in your Benz's
High post, I swear you be killin' me, playin' inside my pubic hairs
I never worry about them other chicks
'Cause you proved who was your wiz
When you was spendin' that bitch
I took a little when you was up north, your commissary stay pilin'
How you livin' large on the island?
All them collects have me vexed, but when you come home
Knew I was comin' off with half of them checks
Now we on the rise
Your diamond mami with the slanted eyes
Holdin' this grip, cocked the En Glee-Kay and shit
Fucks no, I see half of that dough
Made you into a star, pushin' hundred-thousand-dollar cars

Ain't no nigga like the one I got (Ah, baby, Foxy Brown)
No one can fuck you better (Jay-Z nigga)
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah)
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own (Jay-Z, Jay-Z)
Man of their own, man of their own (Foxy Brown, Foxy Brown)
Ain't no nigga like the one I got
No one can fuck you better
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone

[Song 102: All I Need]
78 ContributorsAll I Need Lyrics
It's the Roc, woo
Nike Airs is right (Check)
My bucket is low (Check)
My Rocawear is fittin' incredible (Fuck it)

I guess I got my swagger back
Mama, they said I killed a man
Well, I guess I got the dagger back
It's the Roc, bastards, we are back
In the heezy
Jigga Man, B. Sige to M-Easy (What up, fam?)
Oschino and Sparks and Freeweezy (Holla)
Mickey, Mallory, Chris, and Neef, hey
All I need is the love of my crew
The whole industry can hate me, I thugged my way through
And all I need is a chick that hold a jammy
Like Meth and Mary, like Marvin and Tammi, uh
Now understands we can't be stopped
From blowin' Swisher Sweets outta candy drops
Like we underground kings, ridin' dirty
A nigga been focused since I said hi to thirty (What up?)
Young niggas, y'all can't hurt me
Better watch and observe me
And learn how to earn better, I burn cheddar
I set fire to your empire
I blow smoke in your face, burn rubber off of rim tires
Yes I-ah, Jay I-ah
Double G-A, live wire, nigga, holla back

All I need
Rocawear (Check)
Nike Airs (Check)
Mean bucket (Uh-huh)
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets (Yeah)
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need
That new coupe (Got that)
A durag and a pocket full of loot (Got those)
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way, come on (Now)

All I need in this world of sin
Is me and my girlfriend, haha
I got a little two-two, I call her Peggy Sue
When I'm off in the club, she fit right in my shoe (Woo)
Gotta switch her to my waist just in case (Uh-huh)
A clown wan' flip, gotta reach for my bitch
Y'all wanna act out a movie, I could give you a clip (Buah)
But no adlibbin', nigga, stick to the script
Now all I need is a high-priced lawyer
'Cause it's foul ways nowadays, everybody saw you
And they comin' to court too, I thought you knew
Can't even steal on a nigga, motherfuckers will sue
In this time and age, what's real motherfuckers to do?
When I'm surrounded by squeal motherfuckers like you?
But real niggas don't fret, 'cause the number one crew
R to the O to the C comin' true

All I need
Rocawear (Check)
Nike Airs (Check)
Mean bucket (Uh-huh)
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets (Yeah)
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need
That new coupe (Got that)
A durag and a pocket full of loot (Got those)
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way, listen

The cream too long, my team too strong
Bleek is too hot, Beans is gone
Y'all niggas in the crosshair, the beams is on (See y'all)
Your whole block deserted, y'all fiends are gone (Bye-bye)
The whole Roc is jumpin', we reached our zenith
Got fiends throwin' up on themself like Willie Beamen (Haha)
Any given Sunday, gunplay's optional
However niggas want it like Soul II Soul (However do you want it?)
Whoever got hops get blocked, go to the hole
Dikembe Mutumbo of this rap shit
Plus the jab is sick, and it's Zab quick
Left hand'll lean 'em like a little past six
Now run along with your little-ass hits
Read my rap sheet, nigga, three classics
Shut your bumba', I got A-Rod numbers
All you muddaskunks get buried in the trunk
When I blast the pump, I leave you relaxed
In the hospital, lookin' at M*A*S*H for months
Then I dumps dough on the D.A. desk
And I flee scot-free and pee-pee on the steps
We's got no respect
No law or governin', why you fuckin' with him?
Matter fact, why you fuckin' with them?
All y'all need is the R-O-C, baby

All I need
Rocawear (Check)
Nike Airs (Right)
Mean bucket (Check)
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets (Uh)
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need
That new coupe (Got that)
A durag and a pocket full of loot (Got those)
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way, listen

All I need
Roc-A-Fella Records (Yeah)
Freeway (Yeah)
Oschino and Sparks
Chris and Neef
All I need
Mickey and Mallory
Broad Street Bully
M-Extra Money, hah
Young
H to the izzo (All I need)
Clue
Rell
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah
All I need

[Song 103: Blueprint (Momma Loves Me)]
61 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsBlueprint (Momma Loves Me) Lyrics“Momma Loves Me” is the first part of the Track “Blueprint”, which is the outro of Jay’s 6th studio album “The Blueprint”.
“The Blueprint” was certified double platinum as sales stand at over two million… Read More 
Yeah, yeah
Uh, right, right, right
Right, right, right, right
Uh, uh, uh
Feel me now, listen

Mama loved me, pop left me
Mickey fed me, Annie dressed me
Eric fought me, made me tougher
Love you for that, my nigga, no matter what, bruh
Marcy raised me, and whether right or wrong
Streets gave me all I write in this song
Hootie babysitted, changed my diapers
Gil introduced me to the game that changed my life up
East Trenton grew me, had me skipping school
Valencia's boyfriend Volvo had me making moves
Mama raised me, pop, I miss you
God, help me forgive him, I got some issues
Mickey cleaned my ears, Annie shampooed my hair
Eric was fly, shit, I used to steal his gear
I was the baby boy, I could do no wrong
Years going past fast, let's move along
Kitchen table, that's where I honed my skills
Jaz made me believe this shit was real
Labels turned me down, couldn't foresee
Clark sought me out, Dame believed
Primo laced me, Ski did too
Reasonable Doubt, classic, shoulda went triple
Mama loved me, pop left me
Grandma dressed me, plus, she fed me
Banana pudding was in the hood then
Puffing on L's, drinking pink Champale
Ty rolled with a nigga, V.A. spot
Tone, Mike 'Zo and them niggas, V.A.'s locked
Biggs fucked with a nigga, what's up, Hoff?
Bee-High hated the fact I put rap to the back
Money pouring in, clientele growing now
Birth of my first nephew, time to slow it down
October 21st, Lavelle came to the world
Followed by three more boys and then a baby girl
Mama loved me, Ti-Ti, Uncle Jay
Loves you to death, won't let no trouble come your way
Oh, can't forget my man down in Maryland
He's gone 'til November, how can I not remember?
Tell your moms I'm there for her and Tiembra
And your son, too, it's nothing I won't do
Unless you was me, how could you judge me?
I was brought up in pain, y'all can't touch me
Police pursued me, chased, cuffed, and subdued me
Talked to me rudely 'cause I'm young, rich, and I'm Black and living a movie, not living by rules
New rap patrolling the city, follow my crews
Bleek, you're still with me, nigga, what did I say?
Your time is coming, you one hit away
Beans, I ain't tryna change you, just give you some game
To make the transition from the street to the fame
My mama loves me

[Song 104: Ignorant Shit]
74 ContributorsIgnorant Shit LyricsSampling “Between The Sheets” by the Isley Brothers, famously used by Workin in the classic Notorious B.I.G. track “Big Poppa,” Just Blaze creates an urgent beat for Jay to spit his frustration at his… Read More 

Ugh, ugh, yessir!
Just the sound of his voice is a hit, hehe
Y'all niggas got me really confused out there
I make "Big Pimpin'" or "Give it 2 Me," one of those –
Y'all hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st century
I make some thought-provoking shit, y'all question whether he fallin' off
I'ma really confuse y'all on this one
Follow!

When them tops come down, chicks' tops come down
Like when them shots come out, make cops come around
When them blocks come out, I can wake up a small town
Finish off the block, then I make my mall rounds
Stares get exchanged, then the fifth come out
The tough guy disappear, then the bitch come out
"That's him!" I'm usually what they whisper 'bout
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount
'Cause I been doin' this since 'CHiPs' was out
Watchin' Erik Estrada, baggin' up at the Ramada
Table full of powder, A/C broke
'Bout to take another shower, on my '25th Hour'
Spike Lee's everywhere, game or the flight
You might see me anywhere, a day in the life
Only thing changed–the tail number on the flight
I can touch down and take off the same night
I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
Trick, get off me, you can't get shit off me
I'm so flossy, no 6's on Sprees
Laid-back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me

This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!

They're all actors
Lookin' at themselves in the mirror backwards
Can't even face themselves
Don't fear no rappers, they're all weirdos, De Niros in practice
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures
It's mostly backwards – unless it happens to be as accurate as me
And everything said in song, you happen to see
Then, actually, believe half of what you see
None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me
And with that said, I will kill niggas dead
Cut niggas short, give you wheels for legs
I'm a K-I-double-L-E-R, see y'all in Hell
Shoot niggas straight through the E.R. – whoa!
This ain't B.R., no
It's S.C., C.E.O. – the next Lyor? No
The next leader of the whole free world
And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel—go!

Ugh, take off the cuffs, unlock the gate
It's that ignorant nigga that you love to hate
The '07 Ice Cube, B. Sig' so rude
Tell a trick, "Get these nuts, eat dick like food"
Now see if I care if this verse get aired
Even if you mute it, the curse is there, yeah
I'm so raunchy, bitch, get off me
Keep my flea collar on, you little ticks get off me

I missed the part when it stopped bein' 'bout Imus
What do my lyrics got to do with this shit?
'Scarface' the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still, that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Are you saying what I'm spittin'
Is worse than these celebutantes showin' they kitten? You kiddin'?!
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin'
'Scarface' the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still, that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin', c'mon

This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!

It's only entertainment! Heh heh heh

[Song 105: Most Kingz]
33 ContributorsMost Kingz LyricsOn “Most Kingz” King Hov raps about the oft-overlooked downsides of living life at the top of the rap game.
While it was first heard in 2010, the track was actually recorded while Jay was on his United… Read More 
Young Hov in the house, it's so necessary
Green Lantern in the house, so necessary
Why you fronting on me? Is that necessary?
You know you've become a star
Because you're the biggest target out there, right?
When everyone's on the court, they're coming for you
When the opposing player walks into that arena
They're thinkin of upstaging you
You're, you're like a trophy to them
They're thinkin' "if I'm better than this guy
The spotlight turns on me"
So, you know you're a superstar because you're a marked man
And everyone's coming for you

The, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king (king)

Inspired by Basquiat, my chariot's on fire
Everybody took shots, hit my body up, I'm tired
Build me up to break me down to build me up again
They like "Hov', we need you back so we can kill your ass again"
Hov got flow though he's no Big and Pac, but he's close
How I'm 'posed to win? They got me fighting ghosts
Most kings (... get their heads cut off)
With the same sword they knight you they gon' good night you with
Shit, that's only half if they like you
That ain't even the half what they might do
Don't believe me, ask Michael
See Martin, see Malcolm
See Biggie, see Pac, see success and its outcome
See Jesus, see Judas
See Caesar, see Brutus
See success is like suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
When you succeed, prepare to be crucified, uhh
Media meddles, niggas sue you, you settle
Every step you take, they remind you you ghetto
So it's tough being Bobby Brown
To be Bobby then, you gotta be Bobby now
Now the question is, "Is to have had and lost
Better than not having at all?"
Because dawg

Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on climbing 'til you reach the top
Keep on coming if they ready or not
Most kings get their heads cut off
The, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be

Uhh, everybody wanna be the king then shots ring
You laying on your balcony with holes in your dream
Or you Malcolm X-d out, get distracted by screams
Everybody get your hand off my jeans
Everybody look at you strange, say you changed
Like you work that hard to stay the same, uhh
Game stays the same, the name changes
So it's best for those to not overdose on being famous
Most kings get driven so insane
That they try to hit the same vein that Kurt Cobain did
So dangerous, so no strangers
Invited to the inner sanctum of your chambers
Load chambers, the enemy's approaching
So raise your draw bridge and drown 'em in the moat
Then, spirit I'm evoking
There's kings who've been awoken
From shots from those who was most close to them
They won't stop until you ghost to 'em
But real kings don't die
They become martyrs, let's toast to 'em
King Arthur, put a robe to him
Like James Brown, no the show ain't over
Until Rome's ruined
'Til the republic is overthrown
'Til my loyal subjects is over Hov'
Long live the king, no, the reign won't stop
They want my head on the chopping block
I won't die, nah

Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on climbing 'til you reach the top
Keep on coming if they ready or not
Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on coming if they ready or not
Long live the king, know the reign won't stop
The, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be
Long live the, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be
Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on climbing 'til you reach the top
Keep on coming if they ready or not

[Song 106: Intro (The Dynasty)]
46 ContributorsIntro (The Dynasty) LyricsThis introduction to Jay’s 2000 album – the full title of which is The Dynasty: Roc La Familia – is an unusually dark look at the mind-state of a man who has risen to the top but can never forget where he… Read More 

It's the Dynasty, niggas
As promised
The world's most infamous, Roc-A-Fella Records
This is Roc La Familia
It's Young Hova
Beanie Sigel
Memphis Bleek
Amil-lion
It's the Dynasty, niggas
2000 to infinity
This is ghetto to ghetto, gutter to gutter
Street corner to street corner, project to project
Worldwide
Walk with us, niggas
Hoffa, Dash
It's The Dynasty, niggas
Check it out
Ugh, walk with me, talk to me, yo

The theme song to The Sopranos
Plays in the key of life on my mental piano
Got a strange way of seeing life, like
I'm Stevie Wonder with beads under the do-rag
Intuition is there, even when my vision's impaired, yeah
Knowing I can go just switching a spare
On the highway of life, nigga, it's sharp in my sight, oh!
Keen senses ever since I was a teen on the benches
Every time somebody like Ennis was mentioned
I would turn green—me, being in the trenches
Him, living adventurous, not worrying about expenditures
I'm braving temperatures below zero, no hero
No father figure; you gotta pardon a nigga
But I'm starving, my niggas, and the weight loss in my figure
Is starting to darken my heart, 'bout to get to my liver
Watch it, my niggas; I'm trying to be calm but I'm gon' get richer
Through any means with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture
Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures
Only Psalms I read was on the arms of my niggas
Tattooed, so I carry on like I'm nonreligious
Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures
Niggas say it's the dawn, but I'm superstitious
Shit is as dark as it's been, nothing has gone as you predicted
I move with biscuits, stop the heart of niggas acting too suspicious
This is food for thought—you do the dishes!

[Song 107: Thank You]
80 ContributorsThank You LyricsSampling “Ele e Ela” by Marcos Valle, Kanye and No I.D. come together again to provide a backdrop for Jay’s tongue-in-cheek “acceptance” speech.
It’s an upmarket take on classic Jay Z braggadacio.
Thank you, thank you very much for coming out this evening

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines

Thank you, thank you, thank you, please hold your applause
For I just applied logic—keys, keys open doors
Now I'm balcony, opera, black tux, binocular
Black Luxe, stop it, I shouldn't be so popular
Name keep poppin' up, face keep poppin' up
On the tube, I'm just watchin' Pacquaio box 'em up
How would I know HBO would get a shot of us?
Sittin' so close that we almost got snot on us
Please don't bow in my presence—how am I a legend?
I just got ten #1 albums, maybe now eleven?
More hits than a Now 11; that is no reason
To treat me like I'm somehow from outta heaven
Heaven knows that I've made my mistakes
Thank God, what a guy, as I say my grace!
Who woulda thought by makin' birds migrate for the winter
I be fly all summer? Might I say

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines

Hovi baby, we are really high, really high tonight
We tip the waiter a hundred dollars to keep the ice cold, alright
We the last ones to keep the wise guys code alive
If I can't live by my word, then I'd much rather die
No no, don't thank me, this is just how my suit is stitched
I'm cut from a different cloth, I'm just who the shoe fits
For The Color of Money like a Tom Cruise flick
'Cept I put eight balls in corners without usin' pool sticks
Beautiful music when champagne flutes click, eh
Beautiful women sippin' through rouge lips, eh
Dangers approaches, we're like: "Wait, who's this?"
Let us save you some trouble, son, what size suit you is?
This way after the Ruger shoots through a few clips
You can lay in your casket just as you is
We appreciate the target practices
We'll be sure to send flower baskets, kid

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines

I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
I was gon' do it with the flow, but they did it with their sales
I was gon' 9/11 'em, but they didn't need the help
And they did a good job, them boys is talented as hell
'Cause not only did they brick, they put a building up as well
Then ran a plane into that building and when that building fell
Ran to the crash site with no masks and inhaled
Toxins deep inside their lungs until both of them was filled
Blew a cloud out like a L into a jar, then took a smell
'Cause they heard that second hand smoke kills
Niggas thought they was ill, found out they was ILL
And it's like you knew exactly how I wanted you to feel

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines

We are really high, really really high, no
Really really high, really high tonight, ha
We are really high, really high tonight
We are really high, really high tonight
Lucky Lefty,, kiss the wife goodnight for me, hehe

[Song 108: Regrets]
89 ContributorsRegrets LyricsThe closing track of Jay-Z’s classic debut album Reasonable Doubt, “Regrets” is a vulnerable meditation on the moral compromises a Gangster has to make in order to survive.
The laid back track contains a… Read More 
Stress...
Sunshine, shade, geyeah

I sold it all, from crack to opium
In third person, I don't wanna see 'em
So I'm rehearsin' with my peoples how to G 'em
From a remote location in the BM
Scopin' the whole situation, like, "Damn!"
Metamorphic, as the dope turns to cream
But one of these buyers got eyes like a Korean
It's difficult to read 'em
The windows to his soul were half closed, I put the key in
Pulled off slow, hopin' my people fleein'
Chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in
Coppers was watchin' us through nighttime binoculars
This time they got us on tape, exchangin' dope for dollars
Make me wanna holler back at the crib in the sauna
Prayin' my people bailed out like Time Warner
Awaitin' a call, from his kin, not the coroner
Phone in my hand, nervous confined to a corner
Beads of sweat, second thoughts on my mind
How can I ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets?
(This time, stress, givin' this shit up, fuck)

This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
If through our travels we get separated, never forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets

As sure as this Earth is turnin', souls burnin'
In search of higher learnin', turnin' in every direction, seekin' direction
My mom's cryin', because her insides are dyin'
Her son tryin' her patience, keep her heart racin'
A million beats a minute, I know I push you to your limit
But it's this game Love, I'm caught up all in it
They make it so you can't prevent it
Never give it, you gotta take it, can't fake it, I keep it authentic
My hand got this pistol shakin'
'Cause I sense danger like Camp Crystal Lake and
Don't wanna shoot him, but I got him trapped within this infrared dot
About to hot him and hit rock bottom
No answers to these trick questions, no time, shit's stressin'
My life found I got to live for the right now
Time waits for no man, can't turn back the hands
Once it's too late, got to learn to live with regrets

You used to hold me, told me that I was the best
Anything in this world I want I could possess
All that made me want is all that I could get
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
(When I was young) you used to hold me
Told me I was the best
Anything in this world I want I could possess
All that made me want is all that I could get
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
I found myself reminiscin', remember this one?
When he was here he was crazy nice with his, son
I miss him, long as I'm livin' he's livin' through memories
He's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies
In Heaven lookin' over me, or in Hell keepin' it cozy
I'm comin', life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be
Remember Newton, mutual friend? Well, me and him feudin'
On your life I tried to talk to him
But you know niggas, think they guns can stop four niggas
Frontin' like they're Big Willie but really owe niggas
Hoe niggas, this year I'll show niggas — think I'm slippin'?
I'm about to send you a roommate, no bullshittin'
But my hustle's goin' too well to hit him
You was right, niggas want you to be miserable with them
Anyway, I ain't tryin' to hear it, I think I'm touched
This whole verse I been talkin' to your spirit a little too much

This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
If through our travels we get separated, never forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
If through our travels we get separated, never forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets

Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A-Fella y'all

[Song 109: The Watcher 2]
104 ContributorsThe Watcher 2 LyricsThis is Dre’s sequel to “The Watcher” from his album 2001 : a sign of Jay’s respect for Dre
Featuring a rare guest verse by Rakim, the song has a decidedly old-head tone. The three are “The Watchers”… Read More 
The Watcher!
Gyeah, ugh
Shit I do for a livin', nigga
Shit I eat for a livin', nigga (The Watcher!)
That's how I live for a livin', nigga
I'm watching
'Kay, let's do this
The Watcher!
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
But I'm a lil' too famous to shoot these pranksters
All of these rap singers claiming they bangers
Doing all sorts of twisted shit with they fingers
Disrespectin' the game, no home training or manners
I was doing this shit when you was shitting in Pampers
I was moving them grams 'fore you knew what a hand-to-hand was
Ducking the vans, radars, and scanners
Before you knew what hard white or tan was
I was hitting the turnpike, aight with the bammers
I was nice with my hands, 'cause I'm hype with them hammers
I was pricking my finger 'fore you knew what a fam' was
I had it laid out 'fore you knew what a plan was
Three hundred mil' later—now you understand us
Y'all ain't see us coming through Vegas
You ever seen so much cham' bust in one night?
Grand, fucked up one fight
I was on the Peter Pan bus
You was putting Peter Pan up in your room
Y'all fuckin' with whom? Allow me to retort
You cowards is just now learnin' the shit that we taught
You niggas ain't know about a Robb Report
'Bout a high-speed Porsche
I.E., you niggas ain't know how to floss
'Til I came through the door like "Eric B. for Prez"
Respect me in this bitch!
You can't disrespect us 'cause you got a little check cut
You was sucking 'em so long, fucking your lil' neck up
Now you too big for your britches, you got a few little bitches
You think you Hugh Hef', but you just ridiculous
I blew breath for you midgets, I gave life to the game
It's only right I got the right to be king
Niggas that got life really like what I sing
‘Cause they know what it's really like, niggas feel my pain
Know the shit I don't write
Be the illest shit that's ever been recited in the game
Word to the hyphen in my name!
J-A-Y – dash – Hoffa
The past, present, nigga, the future, proper
The Holy Trinity in Hip-Hop is us
We give Dre his props, but that's where it stops
It's the Roc!

I know
You got your eyes on me
I feel you watching me
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me
You try
But what you think you saw
Ain't what you thought you saw
You better off not looking at all

Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as before
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low
I'm still on top of the game
Still droppin' flames, still cock and aim
Still at the top, had to rock for the fame
Over setbacks, there's been a lot since I came
You seen it all – how I got, how I gained
The momentum when it dropped, how I got through the pain
When I roll and shock, they watched me reclaim
The streets, they made a special spot for my name
Dre – haters want a stop to my reign
But the music lives in me, every drop in my veins
The pride and the pain
All the way back from the rise of my name
See the world clear through the eyes of the man
See the world cheer for the rhymes that I gave
When the beat bangs, it'll drive 'em insane, the odds that I played
The best to emerge in the game: it's The Watcher

I know
You got your eyes on me
I feel you watching me
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me
You try
But what you think you saw
Ain't what you thought you saw
You better off not looking at all

Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as before
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low

I'm rated R, my brain contains graphic things
It turn traumatic teens into addicts and fiends
It's like watching a movie through a panoramic screen
Which means I can see the whole planet in the scene
Cash is the topic—the object? A fatter pocket
Some take the crack and chop it, but those that haven't got it
Take away to add a profit, it's catastrophic
I take the gat and cock it, and I'll sit back and watch it
These New York streets is ugly, I keep it gully
The world is mine and can't nobody keep it from me
Yo, my neighborhood is never sunny
In the place where the number one cause of death is money
You can try coping
I seen enough shit to leave your frame of mind broken
I'm still alive and scoping
Be another hundred years 'til my skies close in
And I'ma die with my eyes open—The Watcher

I know
You got your eyes on me
I feel you watching me
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me
You try
But what you think you saw
Ain't what you thought you saw
You better off not looking at all

Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as before
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low

The Watcher
The Watcher
I'm watching, The Watcher
Bah, bah, The Watcher
The Watcher

[Song 110: Versus (Interlude)]
58 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisVersus (Interlude) Lyrics“Versus” is a quick eight-bar sonning from Hov.
Hey, sucka nigga, wherever you are
I thought about you, fool, while I was driving my car
I wonder if you fools realize how far you are
You're nowhere in my rear mirror

Your last shit ain't better than my first shit, uh
Your best shit ain't better than my worst shit, uh
The truth in my verses versus
Your metaphors about what your net worth is

Ha-ha, ha-ha-ha

[Song 111: I Know]
70 ContributorsI Know LyricsThird and final single from Jay-Z’s tenth studio album, American Gangster. Produced by The Neptunes, featuring Pharrell on the hook. The whole song is an extended metaphor between heroin, music and love. Jay… Read More 
Hov'!

And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

Uhh, she wants that old thing back
Uh, uh, uh, she want those heroin tracks
She likes me, she fiends for me nightly
She leans for me
Morning, she rush for my touch
This is about lust, cold sweats occur when I'm not with her
My presence is a must- must- must-
Bonita Applebum, I gotta put you on
If I didn't when we cutting, the feeling'll be too strong
In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams
That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing
That Black Rainwill take away your pain
Just for one night, baby, take me in vein
Now that feelin' got you tripping, you don't wanna feel no different
This here lust has got you itching, nose wide open and it's dripping (eh, eh, eh, eh)
I know what you like, I am your prescription
I'm your physician, I'm your addiction

And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

I am so dope (uhh)
Like Louboutins with the red bottoms
You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em
Like every color Giuseppe's, your guilty pleasure is me
It's so much fun, you shun therapy
Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting
Shopping's like copping, you constantly need it
I'm never around, you constantly seek it
You'll never be down, I know where your peak is
9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps
I keep trying to remind you to keep telling yourself
Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!"
Like you better get help
But when that medicine's felt
We're back together, don't ever leave me
Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me
My China White, 'til we D.O.A
Its Montega forever, baby, lets get away...

And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

How could you leave me?
I thought that you needed me!
When the world got too much and you pleaded with me
Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me!
How could you deny me so vehemently?
Now your body is shaking, trying to free it of me
And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me
And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me
Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D!

And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

[Song 112: The Bounce]
79 ContributorsThe Bounce Lyrics“The Bounce” is the tenth track on The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse, featured on the first disc “The Gift.” It features the first Kanye West verse on a track by his mentor Jay-Z.
Despite the song… Read More 
Uh, just point out the bounce, uh-huh
Show me the bounce, yeah
Just point out the bounce, geah
Timbo the king, yeah
Young Hov the king, yeah
Just point out the bounce, yes
Just point out the bounce nigga
Yo, listen

Rumor has it 'The Blueprint' classic
Couldn't even be stopped by Bin Laden
So September 11th marks the era forever
Of a revolutionary Jay Guevara
Now it's a whole museum of Hov MC'ers
Everybody dupin' the flow—you see 'em
Everybody loopin' up soul
It's like they tryna make 'The Blueprint 2' before Hov
Shout out to Just Bleezy and Kanyeezy
See how we adjust to the game so easy?
Chicks belly dancin', glancin' every chance they get
Like, "Oh shit, he's so handsome"
Still in demand in the longest run standing
Kidnapped rap–seven years, no ransom
Can't one nigga get it back, no rap
Young Hov's going to Canton, I'ma land ya

(Point out the bounce)
I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce)
I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce)
Timbo the king, nigga (Uh-huh, woo)
Uh-huh, ay, uh
(Point out the bounce)
Gyeah, young Hov the king, nigga
Uh, I got y'all

For those that think Hov fingers' bling-blingin'
Either haven't heard the album, or they don't know English
They only know what the single is
And single that out to be the meaning of what he's about
And being I'm about my business, not mingling much
Running my mouth, that shit kept lingering
But no, dummy, that's the shit I'm sprinkling
The album with to keep the registers ringing
In real life, I'm much more distinguished
I'm like a bloke from London, England
Gyeah, you jingling, baby
See, I go right back and I bring 'em in, baby
Business mind of a Ross Perot but never lost my soul
Crossed the line, I bought pop across the row
Then I walk through the hood, where they up to no good
Slangin them O's like a real O.G. should
"Oh, he's good"
"No, he would never sell out, he's so hood"

(Point out the bounce)
I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce)
I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce)
Timbo the king, nigga (Uh-huh, woo)
Uh-huh, ay, uh
(Point out the bounce)
Gyeah, young Hov the king, nigga
Uh, uh (Yeah)

Magazines call me a (Rock star) girls call me (Cock star)
Billboard (Pop star) neighborhood (Block star)
Chi-Town go-gettin' pimps (We mobsters)
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!"
Yeah, that's how I feel (Uh-huh)
To be down, you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated R–
–O-C, OG Bobby Johnson, son
Ask me, "Ray-Ray, is that yo' car?"
"I seen MTV, I know who you are"
"You did 'Takeover', do you got beef with Nas?"
I did take over the game, brought back the soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's Gold
Platinum to go, yeah, that's the flow
All I know, I gots to blow
And I don't play pause, I'm from Chicago

I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce)
I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce)
Timbo the king, nigga, uh
(Point out the bounce)
Gyeah, young Hov the king, nigga

Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce

[Song 113: Bring It On]
126 ContributorsBring It On Lyrics“Bring It On” finds JAY-Z, Jaz-O, and Sauce Money come together over a DJ Premier beat that could have originally featured Nas and AZ, according to Dame Dash:
Nas and AZ was supposed to be on ‘Bring It On,’… Read More 
Aye, Purse, rack 'em up, man
What you bettin', Biggs?
Bet the same thing
Ayo, I got next, man
Yo, you got the money, man? You ass bettin' ass, nigga
The shit is right downstairs in the trunk
Don't trip; we parked right behind each other, nigga
I'ma get the shit before we go downstairs
Yeah, aight, what's up with that case, man?
Aw, man, it ain't nothin'
Ain't nobody snitching or nothing; you know our team is tight
Still sitting on seven digits, unlike you, you broke ass nigga
Fuck outta here, this cat right here
This broke ass, ass betting ass nigga
Betting five thousand ain't got no money
Chili cheese face ass nigga (fuck outta here)
Sandy cake face ass nigga (fuck outta here)
(Laughter)

Ayo, Jay, word up
These motherfuckers fucking talking
That comeback shit like they cooking crack
Shit, I ain't fronting
All I want my pockets green like slum change
You know what I'm saying?
Front the roll we roll back like rubbers, motherfucker, for real
With no trace of AIDS
We keep our pockets fully blown
Roc-A-Fella clique, nigga

Ayo, we patting down pussy from Sugar Hill to the Shark Bar
Fuck a bitch D in the marked car
We got the bad bitches gasping for air in Aspen
Searching for Aspirin when I ascend, we swing
You cling, we do our thing and bring
Sling your ding-a-ling from Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn to Beijing
East coast host is hostile colossal
Money flaring like nostrils for drug dealing apostles, huh
Al Pacino down to Nino Brown
Me, Jay and Preemo, got it sewed across the board like Pokeno
Teflon, make sure your jammy is full
'Cause I heard, Sammy the Bull lamps in Miami with pull
Tropical leaves where I got a few keys
With my man I'll stock a few G's, now it's unstoppable cheese
Said we was garbage, so fuck college
Street knowledge amazing to scholars when we coin phrases for dollars
Star studded bitches with crystals
Get fucked with pistols, just to see my shit, discharge puss
I drop the stellar, even acapella
I got to tell all about Roc-A-Fella

Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing

Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro, spent Spanish wisdoms
In a whip with dinero, crime organized like the Pharoahe
I cream, I diamond gleam
High post like Hakeem, got a lot of things to drop
Brooklyn to Queens, I got to keep my steam
Niggas wanna try to hem my long jeans
Uptown fiend for Jay-Z to appear on the scene
In the meanwhile, here's something dope for y'all to lean
Liaison for days on end
Money make the world go around so I made some to spend
Can I live, did dough with my nigs, dividends flow
Like the Mississippi Riv', looking jig
Can't do for dolo, had to turn away when Tony killed Manolo
That's real, mixed feelings like a mulatto
Thug thought he was O.G. Bobby Johnson
I played him like Benny Blanco
Mano a mano, you ain't ready
I fondle triggers straight up
Shoot my guns horizontal, get your weight up
I am two-point-two pounds
You're barely a hundred and twenty-five grams
Wouldn't expect y'all to understand this money
Do the knowledge, due to few dollars, I'm due to demolish crews
Brooklyn through Hollis to a hood near you, what the fuck?

Bring it on if you think you can hang

Money is power, I'm energetic with facial credit
Pure platinum fetish for cheddars
Spread lettuce, heroes get deadish
I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes
You suck pistol like pipe with the crystal
John Stockton couldn't assist you
Convoys of Benzes like we fouling in the U.N
So what the fuck you doing?
Whatever, nigga, Fahrvergnügen, rugged yet polished
Spanking dollars with the commas
Banging bitches out the Bahamas
On hides of llama we cry nada, fly farther
Fry hotter, you die gotta, fuck with me witness mañana
Absence of malice in my palace
Call cousin now Dallas trigger finger with the callus
Tip scales from mail to keep these niggas off balance
Your frequent stops to O.T.B. you feeding me
Steam a nigga scheming on the wrist action with the gleams
Jewels for Pop Duke fulfill your dreams
Never put the pure brown sugar before the dirty green cream

Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Bring it on, if you think, if you think, if you think

[Song 114: A Dream]
53 ContributorsTranslationsРусский (Russian)A Dream LyricsJay-Z and Faith Evans pay a tribute to The Notorious B.I.G. on the Kanye West-produced opening track to Jay’s 2002 album The Blueprint²: The Gift & The Curse.
The song samples Blackjack’s “Stay,”, The 5th… Read More 
Ohh, ooh, ohh
Uh, uh, uh
It—It—It was all a dream
Last night I had a dream
Thoughts was racing through my head (It was all a dream)
Felt so real to me (It was all)
This is what was said (All-all-all-all-a-all a dream)

"Had a dream," I said, "'Bout who?" he said
"'Bout B.I.G.," I said, "That's big," he said
"Dig what he said", "Proceed," he said
"Indeed," I said, so, breathe I did
"Don't repeat what I say," I said, he said nothing
He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this
What I believe to be a yes, I repeated what was said
"It came to me like a whisper last evening," I said
"What's the deal, playboy?" was the greeting he said
First thing I wanted to know was the reason he was dead
"Mo' Money Mo' Problems,'" better believe it," he said
"Careful what you wish for, you might receive it," he said
"I see," I said, "jealousy" I said
"Got the whole industry mad at me," I said
Then B.I. said, "Hov, remind yourself:
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself!"
"I agree," I said, "my one of a kind self"
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
"What he said," I said, "has been said before"
"Just keep doin your thing," he said; "say no more"

Was it all a dream? Tell me
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream?
Was it all a dream?
(It was all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all) I got to know
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream? (It was all a dream)
Was it all a dream? A dream
Was it all a dream? (Oh)

It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
Hanging pictures on my wall
Every Saturday, Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped (Oh, oh, oh)
Smoking weed and bamboo, sipping on private stock (Oh, oh, oh)
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack (Oh, oh, oh)
With the hat to match
Remember Rapping Duke, "duh-ha, duh-ha" (Oh, oh, oh)
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far (Oh, oh, oh)
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight (Oh, oh, oh)
Time to get paid, blow up like the--
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner (Ooh)
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri (Ooh)
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowing up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good (Ooh)
Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

Was it all a dream? Tell me (It was all a dream, uh)
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream? (It was all)
Was it all a dream?
(It was all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all) I gotta know
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream?
Was it all a dream? A dream (It was all a dream)
Was it all a dream?
It was all, all-all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all, all a dream

It was all
It was all, all, all-all, all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all, all a dream
It was all a dream
It was all, all, all, all, all, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-all a dream
It was all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all a dream

"I see," I said, "jealousy" I said
"Got the whole industry mad at me," I said
Then B.I. said, "Hov, remind yourself:
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself!"
"I agree," I said, "my one of a kind self"
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
"What he said," I said, "has been said before"
"Just keep doin your thing," he said; "say no more"

[Song 115: Hola’ Hovito]
90 ContributorsHola’ Hovito Lyrics
J (Uh), A (Uh-uh), Y (Uh-uh-uh)
This that hop I'm talkin' 'bout right here, Timbo
I can't be stopped when it hop like this, family, uh
(Uno, dos, tres, cuatro)

They say, "Hola, Hovito"
That's what they sayin' when I roll up with my people
My music bangin' like vatos locos, got rap in a chokehold
And I won't surrender it with beats by Timbaland
Cállate la boca, my baby
All I want to do is stroke you all crazy
My dick game is vicious, insane at bitches
Mami keep comin' back 'cause mami came vicious
Catch Hov in the drop, nasty thang, lane switchin'
Once you turn your neck for a sec, your dame's missin'
Bujando, bujando, the cops is comin'
Got that rap patrol behind, yo, get to runnin'
I'm unstoppable Hov, untoppable flows
I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day
Ol' Blue Eyes, my nigga, I did it my way
Y'all not rollin' with Hov, then hit the highway

Hola, Hovito (Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
Yeah that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people

Yeah, yeah
Naw, I don't fuck around, stay on my J-O
Hov been about that dough since I was a day old
Oh, push perico if I need to for the root of evil
Was born in the belly, that's the way the streets breed you
One life to live, notice you get no sequel
So I truly got to live this like my last movie
Six, ooh-wee, jewels drippin', big tooly
I ball for real, y'all niggas is Sam Bowie
And with the third pick, I made the earth sick
MJ, him Jay, fadeaway perfect
I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter
Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic, because my mind's quicker
I'm a '88er, nine-six a reasonable doubt
Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out
Yeah, you shinin', but the only thing you're leavin' out
You're a candle in the sun, that shit don't even out

Hola, Hovito (Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people

Hold up, naw, motherfuckers
Y'all motherfuckers better run to the post office and get a job, motherfuckers
Or starve, motherfuckers
'Cause Jay's been the only one eatin' thus far, subpar motherfuckers
Naw, even though y'all hate, I love y'all motherfuckers
Friend or foe, y'all all my motherfuckers
If you haven't heard, I'm Michael, Magic, and Bird
All rolled in one
'Cause none got more flows than Young
Plus got more flows to come
And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one
So move over, hoes, choose Hova
My food for thought so hot, it give you dudes ulcers
Rovers, roasters, hoes is
Gettin' it in with me, livin' like they supposed to
Watches, chain, front row at the game
Sold-out arena, all screamin' my name, c'mon

Hola, Hovito (Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people

[Song 116: Beach Chair]
66 ContributorsBeach Chair Lyrics“Beach Chair” is the final song of Jay-Z’s 2006 post-retirement album Kingdom Come.
Jay spoke on the beginnings of the track in Decoded:
I was on vacation when I started writing “Beach Chair”. This was… Read More 
Geah, yeah
Life is but a dream to me, I don't wanna wake up
Thirty odd years without having my cake up
So I'm about my paper 24/7, 365, 366 in a leap year
I don't know why we here
Since we gotta be here life is but a beach ch-ch-ch-chair
Went from having shabby clothes to crossing over Abbey Road
Hear my angels singing to me (Are you happy, Hov?)
I just hope I'm hearing right; karma's got me fearing like
Colleek are you praying for me?
See I got demons in my past, so I got daughters on the way
If the prophecy's correct, then the child should have to pay
For the sins of a father, so I barter my tomorrows
Against my yesterdays in hopes that she'll be okay
And when I'm no longer here to shade her face from the glare
I'll give her my share of Carol's Daughter and a new beach chair
I hear my angels sing...
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave

Life is but a dream to me
Gun shots sing to these other guys
But lullabies don't mean a thing to me
I'm not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of not trying
Every day, hit every wave like I'm Hawaiian
I don't surf the net, no, I never been on MySpace
Too busy letting my voice vibrate
Carving out my space in this world of fly girls
Cut-throats and diamond-cut ropes I twirls
Benzes 'round corners where the sun don't shine
I let the wheels give a glimpse of hope of one's grind
Son said: "Hov, how you get so fly?"
I said: "From not being afraid to fall out the sky"
My physical's a shell, so when I say farewell
My soul will find a even higher plane to dwell
So fly, you shall, so have no fear
Just know that life is but a beach chair

I hear my angels sing...
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream

Life is but a dream
Can't mimic my life, I'm the thinnest cut slice
Intercut, the winner's cup
With winters rough enough to interrupt life
That's why I'm both saint and sinner, nice
This is Jay everyday, no compromise
No compass comes with this life, just eyes
So to map it out, you must look inside
Sure, books could guide you, but your heart defines you, chica
Your corazón is what brought us home
In great shape like Heidi Klum, maricón
I am on permanent vacay, life is but a beach chair
This song's like a Hallmark card until you reach here
So 'til she's here, and she's declared
The heir, I will prepare
A blueprint for you to print, a map for you to get back
A guide for your eyes; and so you won't lose scent
I'll make a stink for you to think I ink these verses full of prose
So you won't get conned out of two cent
My last will and testament: I leave my heir
My share of Roc-A-Fella Records and a shiny new beach chair

I hear my angels sing...
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream

I hear my angels sing
I hear my angels sing
I hear my angels sing

[Song 117: Justify My Thug]
80 ContributorsJustify My Thug LyricsBased around a sampled loop from Funkadelic’s “The Witch” and a “thugged out” version of the chorus from Madonna’s hit 1990 single “Justify My Love,” Jay-Z connects with West Coast producer DJ Quik to provide… Read More 

Uhh, this feel right right here, Quik
It's like it's supposed to happen this one right here
Young! God damn
Let me justify my thug on this one right here

It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, Roc
Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock, Roc
11 o'clock, 12 o'clock, the party 'bout to pop
Then, Roc-A-Fella y'all, it's your boy S. Dot
And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga
To do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself
I will never tell, even if it means sittin' in a cell
I ain't never ran, never will
I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands
To himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt
I never asked for nothin' I don't demand of myself
Honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth
Death before dishonor and I tell you what else
I tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help
Foolish pride is what held me together through the years
I wasn't felt which is why I ain't never played myself
I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt
Before God and asked for better cards at times to no avail
But I never sat back feelin' sorry for myself
If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell
'Til it's heaven

Justify my thug for you
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
To justify my thug
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
For you

Now if you shoot my dog, I'ma kill yo' cat
Just the unwritten laws in rap, know that
For every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin'
Relaxin's what I'm about, but about mine
Don't be actin like you can't see street action
Take me back to Reasonable Doubt time
You see my mind's on the finish line, facin' the wreck
I put my muh'fuckin' faith in the TEC, tell Satan not yet
You understand I am chasin' my breath
I am narrowly escapin' my death, oh yes
I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster
Travellin' Mach 5, barrel in my apparel can stop God
God forgive me but I can't let them deliver me to you
Until, I won this race, then eventually
My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me
However it turns out fine, red line! Hov

Justify my thug for you
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
To justify my thug
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
For you

They say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight
And two wrongs don't make a right
But when you been wronged and you know all along that it's just one life
At what point does one fight? (Good question, right?)
'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in his
Ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half
Bet that stops all the grinnin' and the laughs
When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag
When your options is none and the pen is all you have
Or the block, niggas standin' tight as lemons on the ave
Tryin' to cop a shop - call theyself cleansin' in the cash
But can't put they name on paper 'cause, then you on blast
Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence
Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us
Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover up
Every other corner there's a liquor store, fuck is up?

Justify my thug for you
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
To justify my thug
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
For you

[Song 118: Venus vs. Mars]
72 ContributorsVenus vs. Mars LyricsIn this Timbaland produced song from The Blueprint 3 Jay-Z recalls the course of a (probably hypothetical) relationship: it starts off nice, turns turbulent and ultimately fails
This song is a good example… Read More 
If Hov's a Blackberry Bold, then shorty is a Sidekick
She used to have a man; I used to have a side-chick
Shorty got wind; I had to blow the chick off
She got rid of him; they both took the shit hard
Shorty played the piano; me, I played with white keys
Shorty from the South—oh, I think she like me
Shorty like Pac; me, Big Poppa
She screaming, "Hit 'em up!" I'm screaming "Who shot ya?"
I'm on that red wine; shorty like white
Same shit, different toilet; we both getting nice
Me, I'm from the Apple, which means I'm a Mac
She's a PC: She lives in my lap

Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, Venus versus Mars

Whether black or white, we both like Mike
We both like Jordans, we both Phil's Knight
I finish my breakfast, shorty's out to lunch
Yeah we both eating, it's better than brunch
Shorty like Pepsi, me I'm the coke man
Body like a Coke bottle, I crush it like a Coke can
Started at the window, end up at the wall
The Yin to my Yang, I skeet skeet off
In a salt and pepper 'Bach, shorty like to front
The Bonnie to my Clyde, both riding shotgun
Both covered in gold like C3P0
James and Florida Evans, let the good times roll

Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, Venus versus Mars

Thought shorty was the truth, found out she was a cheater
We were supposed to take over, I caught her bumping "Ether"
I thought shorty liked Mike, found out she liked Prince
Thought she was Adrian, it's been rocky ever since
My dollars was down, she left me for some Euros
Took my whole flavor, I call her Coke Zero
We were co-MVP's like Kobe and Shaq
Left me for the Heat, we were winning back to back
Said I party too much, shorty got fed up
Shorty got Britney, shaved her whole head up
We used to make out, kissing each other's face off
Fell for the Ponzi scheme, damn shorty just made off

Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, Venus versus Mars

[Song 119: 30 Something]
52 Contributors30 Something LyricsJay’s classic ode to that most rare of rap topics, maturity. Produced by Dr. Dre, it was released as a promotional single, which didn’t even make it on to the Billboard charts.
More popular became the remix,… Read More 
You ain't got enough stamps in ya passport to fuck with Young H-O, heheheh
International
Uhh
Show young boys how to do this thing
The maturation of Jay-Zeezy, heh
Check me out

30's the new 20 nigga I'm so hot still (uhh)
Better broad, better automobile (uhh)
Bet a yard (naw!) bet a hundred mil
That by the song's end I'll probably start another trend
I know everything you wan' do
I did all that by the age of 21
By 22, I had that brand new Ac' coupe
I guess you could say that my legend just begun
I'm, young enough to know the right car to buy
Yet grown enough not to put rims on it
I got that six-deuce with curtains so you can't see me
And I didn't even have to put tints on it
I don't got the bright watch, I got the right watch
I don't buy out the bar, I bought the nightspot
I got the right stock
I, got, stockbrokers that's movin' it like white tops
I know you're like "Fuck! This is child abuse, call DYFS!"
I must just be getting nicer
You young boys ain't ready for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to play the block like that (like that)
I used to carry knots like that (like that)
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up, taha!

30's the new 20 nigga, I'm on fire still
These young boys is like fire drills (uhh)
False alarms (uhh) the next don (naw)
He ain't got it (uhh) on to the next one (Young)
I'm still here (yeah) still here like Mike
Gotta stop playin' with these children (chea)
I'm a bully with the bucks (boots)
Don't let the patent leather shoes fool you youngin'
I got the fully in the tux
That was my past, now I'm so grown up
I don't got one gun on me
Gotta a sum on me to hire a gun army, get ya spun like laundry
And I'll be somewhere under palm trees, calmly listenin' to R&B
When we get the call he's, no longer with us, fire ya babysitters
You little fucks fall back for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to wear my hoodie like that (like that)
Five deep in a hooptie like that (like that)
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up, heheheh

Y'all roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Y'all youngins chase, I'm Patronin' it straight
I like South Beach but I'm in St. Tropez
Y'all drink Dom but not Rosé (hey)
Ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burnin' down Bergdorf's
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Ya chick is like, "What type of purse is that?"
I'm from the era where niggas don't snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I'm afraid of the future (why?)
Y'all respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Y'all go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still

I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
Ya, we used to ball like that (like that)
Now we own the ball team, holla back (holla back)
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up, taha!

[Song 120: No Hook]
77 ContributorsNo Hook Lyrics“No Hook” is the 5th track off Jay-Z’s album American Gangster, and once again features production from Puff Daddy and his production crew.
The track samples “Love Serenade” by Barry White, and features live… Read More 
"Most important thing in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, family;
Never forgetting where we came from."

Poor me, Dad was gone, finally got my dad back
Liver bad, he wouldn't live long, that snatched my dad back
Guidance? I never had that, streets was my second home
Welcomed me with open arms, provided a place to crash at
A place to study math at – matter of fact, I learned it all
Burnt it all, this music is where I bury the ashes at
Flashback, not having much, not having that
Had to get some challah bread, so you can holla back, and
Holla at my Jewish lawyer, to enjoy the fruit of letting my cash stack
And just in case a nigga gotta use his rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Own boss, own your masters, slaves
The mentality I carry with me to this very day
Fuck rich, let's get wealthy, who else gon' feed we?
If I need it, I'ma get it however – God help me

And I don't need no hook for this shit

I'm so fa sho', it's no façade
"Stay out of trouble," Mama said, as Mama sighed
Her fear, her youngest son'd be a victim of homicide
But I gotta get you out of here, Mama, or I'ma die
Inside
And either way, you lose me, Mama, so let loose of me
I got the rein, our direction will soon change
To live and die in N.Y. in the hustle game
Hustle 'caine, hustle clothes, or hustle music
But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Skinny nigga, toothpick, but–but I do lift
Weight like I'm using 'roids
Rolls-Royce, keep my movements smooth while maneuvering
Through all the manure in the sewer that I grew up in
Choices we make, trying to escape, 'scape

And I don't need no hook for this shit

This is not for commercial usage
Please don't categorize this as music
Please don't compare me to other rappers
Compare me to trappers, I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris
And Luda's my dude, I ain't tryna diss
Like, Frank Lucas is cool, but I ain't trying to snitch
I'ma follow the rules, no matter how much time I'ma get
I'ma live and die with the decisions that I'ma pick
So fuck DeHaven for caving, that's why we don't speak
Made men ain't supposed to make statements
End of the story, I followed the code, cracked the safe
Other niggas ain't in the game, so they practice hate
Leave that boy Hov' alone, why don't cha?
You don't have to if you don't want to, but don't say I didn't warn you

Oh... and I don't need no hook for this shit!

[Song 121: Adnis]
63 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsAdnis LyricsOn “Adnis” Jay pens an open letter to his late father Adnis “AJ” Reeves, who passed away from liver failure on June 19, 2003.
On Father’s Day 2017 JAY-Z dropped a snippet from “Adnis” to build hype for his… Read More 
Uh, letter to my dad that I never wrote
Speeches I prepared that I never spoke
Words on a paper that I never read
Proses never penned, they stayed in my head
Jotted on dotted lines, "I'ma fight you, nigga"
From stories that I heard, I'm just like you, nigga
Must've been some pain in your past, too
Must've been a karma that was past due
Must it be the energy that passed through
Must've been a pastor, many snafus
Started a good man, you married my mama
I was in her belly, you hurried that Summer
She had two kids from a previous mister
One family, I don't believe in half-sisters
Never treated my brother like a step, Pop
Remembered the many lessons when we stepped out

What was you preparing us—
For?

Did you see the runt as the front-runner
Leader of the pack, you see that in your youngins
What ancestors did you summon to the summit
To give me what I needed, what you need to take from 'em
The tsunamis that I swum in to become in
Had the cable with the anchor for the places that I sunk in
Unc in a better place but you couldn't function
Shot junk in your arms, more than your veins was punctured
I punted on feelings, 'cause you said you was coming
You couldn't kick the habit, I wish you said something
You can't avenge these many sins with your own hands
You wanna make God laugh, just tell him your plans
Who would've thought I'd be the dad I never had
Be the husband I've become, usually nothing come from that
I forgive you as I live through the beautiful present of the past
I'm just thankful that I get all these gifts to unwrap

What was you preparing us—
For?

[Song 122: American Dreamin’]
71 ContributorsAmerican Dreamin’ LyricsThe introductory sample is taken from Marvin Gaye’s “Soon I’ll Be Loving You Again” (1976). It is also sampled in “1st Time” by Talib Kweli and Consequence.
Gaye, an influential Motown artist from the 1960s,… Read More 
Dreamed of you this morning
Then came the dawn, and
I thought you were here with me
If you could only see
How much I love you
That's all, that's all, baby

Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby (Uh, uh)

This is the shit you dream about with the homies steaming out
Back-to-back, backing them Bimmers out
Seems as our plans to get a grant
Then go off to college didn't pan or even out
We need it now, we need a town
We need a place to pitch, we need a mound
For now, I'm just a lazy boy
Daydreaming in my La-Z-Boy
In the clouds of smoke, been playing this Marvin
Mama, forgive me, should be thinking about Harvard
But that's too far away, niggas is starving
Nothing wrong with my aim, just gotta change the target
I got dreams of bagging snid-ow the size of pillows
I see pies every time my eyes clid-ose
I see rides, sixes, I gotta get those
Life's a bitch, I hope to not make her a widow

Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
I'm just American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby (Uh, uh)

Now see the life's right there, and it seems right there
And it's not quite near, and it's not like we're
Professionals, moving the decimals
Know where to cop? Nah, got a connect? No
Who in the F knows how to be successful
Need a personal Jesus, I'm in Depeche Mode
They say its celestial, it's all in the stars
It's like Tony La Russa on how you play your cards
'Cause y'all ain't fucking with me, the ironies are
At all costs, better avoid these bars
Now let's start, on your mark
Get set, let's go, get out the car
Going in circles, it's a vicious cycle
This is a crash course, this ain't high school
Wake up, Muttley, you're dreaming again
Your own reality show, the season begins

Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
I'm just American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby

Step one in this process, scramble up in your projects
And head to the heights where big coke is processed
You gotta convince 'em that you're not from the precinct
Please speak slow 'cause he no speaky no English
If he takes a liking after a couple of trips
And your money is straight, he's going to give you consignment
Now in the game where only time can tell
Survive the droughts, I wish you well— hold up
Survive the droughts? I wish you well?
How sick am I? I wish you health
I wish you wheels, I wish you wealth
I wish you insight so you could see for yourself
You could see the signs when the jackers is scheming
And the cops is coming, you could read they mind
You could see from behind, you could redefine
The game as we know it, one dream at a time
I'm American dreamin'

Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby

American dreamin'

[Song 123: MaNyfaCedGod]
64 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsMaNyfaCedGod Lyrics“MaNyfaCedGod” finds JAY-Z delving back into the state of his relationship with wife Beyoncé and how they have conquered any trouble in their way.
In the television series Game of Thrones, which is a Hov and… Read More 
Yeah, uh
Vacay the pain away, uh
Smoking the pain away, uh
Drinking the–uh

Look at all we been through since last August
Skating through the rumors like, "Aw, shit!"
Still came back, fucked up the red carpet
Shows how big your heart is
On the Run, we took a hundred together
More than the money, it was the fact that we done it together
Uh, healing in real time
Song Cry to Resentment, that was real crying
Bonnie and Clyde things, we hold it down
Had we surrendered then, that'd be the real crime
Got through it, got blessed times two with it
New Bel-Air estates with four pools in it
I told my bro, "You gotta go home," over vino
Goodfella, don't gamble with your life, this ain't Casino
Cost him two mill' plus the child support
We'll get the money back, but not the child support
It's getting too late, we can't afford mistakes
Woulda broke me down had you got away
It woulda broke me up, you took my child away
I'm glad we found a way
Sexin' the pain away
Vacay the pain away
Drinking the pain away
Smoking the pain away

Too perfect not to wonder (yeah)
If we created a flame that would warm us 'til it’s over
We invented lovers from company for the summer
I was many faces, but at least I was willing to change
I was worried that the way I was would end me up alone
Shit feels so beautiful, don't you agree?
I was worried that the way I was would end me up alone


Our external reality is an opportunity to heal our internal upset
Let's build a cathedral these evils couldn't fuck with
I wanna spend my Saturdays and my latter-days
Eating sundaes and enjoying Mondays
Not worrying about what none say

Yoncé, all on this mouth like liquor
Uh, that my nigga, uh, that my nigga
Over everything, each of our mood swings
Whenever attitudes change, like a mood ring
Ain't nothing like somebody that get ya, baby, I get ya
Let's go through this thing, come out stronger, the golden journey
Broken is better than new, that's kintsukuroi
You're fine china, I'm a bull and ball in a china shop
I promise to repair with gold each bowl I drop
Be grateful for whatever comes because each has been sent
From a guy from beyond, that's what Rumi say
"Never go to bed mad," that's what my Ummi say
It always took her less to say more
I always thought she was an angel, now I'm sure, sure

[Song 124: You Must Love Me]
56 ContributorsYou Must Love Me LyricsOn this song from Vol 1 Jay-Z reflects and apologizes to his mother for his behavior as a child, his brother who he shot and an ex-girlfriend who smuggled drugs for him.
It samples the “What I’m Waiting For”… Read More 
Throughout my life (uh huh uh huh uh)
No matter what I've done (right)
You've been merciful and your love endureth (yeah)
Through all things (yeah)
For that I am eternally grateful

Since my date of birth bought you nothing but hurt
Play those video games, stole change from ya purse
Sat on the cold court bench 'til I was arraigned in ya skirt
Saw the pain in ya face, still you maintained a smirk
All you did was motivate me, "Don't let 'em hold you back"
What I do? I turned around and I sold you crack
I was a bastard for that, still I'm drowning in shame
Just remember one thing now: you're not to blame
You was newly separated tryin' to escape ya world
And through my thirst I didn't help you I just made things worse
I hated me and everybody that created crack
Had me thinkin' the newest kicks and the latest gat
Still haven't apologized, so please play this back
While I try to come to terms with such a heinous act
You know, in more than one way, cocaine numbs the brain
All I did was think about how the funds once came
Then I ran across this memory and it stung the brain
How can you ever destroy the beauty from which one came?
That's a savage, you're the reason
Why me and these beats make a marriage
Why I rhyme above average, and I ain't shit
Glad you got yourself together, no thanks to me
Strong and beautiful, the way thangs should be
You must love me

You must love me...
Say that you love me
All I know say that you must love me
Ohh yeah

We used to fight every night, but I never would suffer
Just smile, my big brother's tryna make me tougher
As we grew, fussing and fighting continued
As I plundered through ya stuff and snuck ya clothes to school
Got intense, real intense as we got older
Never believed it would lead to me poppin' one in your shoulder
"Where my rings?" Knew you had it 'cause you took too long
As Mickey, Annie and the girl that bought it looked on
Huffin' and puffin', gun in my hand, told you "Step outside"
Hoping you said no, but you hurt my pride
Made our way down the steps, maybe you thought it was just a threat
Or maybe ya life was just that crazy, and you was beggin' for death
I'd try to justify this in my young mind
But the adrenaline and my ego hurt combined
Drove me berserk, saw the devil in your eyes
High off more than weed
Confused, I just closed my young eyes and squeezed 
What a sound! Opened my eyes just in time
To see ya stumbling to the ground
Damn, what the fuck I done now?
Runnin' around in a circle, thinking I'm assed out
Hot gun burnin' my waist, ran straight to Jaz' house
Like a stranger, damn, I just shot my nigga
And ran off into the night as if it was not my nigga
Left the scene, how could I go out that way?
Still you asked to see me in the hospital the next day
You must love me

What after all the wrong I've done
You must love me...
I know you must
You must love me...

Everything in my power and within my frame
To protect you from this life and keep you away from the game
But you was one of the few people that I can trust
And the fact of the matter I slang these pies for us
You put the pressure on me daily, rarely would you let it go
Was a thousand and one times I had to tell you no
But it was one of those days when nobody was around
And I need an emergency trip out of town
Searched my mental Rolodex for all the numbers I know
As you stared in my face, asking me could you go
And my greed said "Send her, everything'll go smooth
Just tell her what to do and everything'll go through"
Strapped your body with them thangs as you boarded the plane
Couldn't explain the strange feeling that I caught in the vein
I'm thinking, "Why would I send you when I knew it ain't right?"
I'm thinking, "What would make you sacrifice ya life?"
You must've love me

("You must love me" repeats in background)
After everything that I've done wrong
I know inside you must love me
I know that you love me
You showed me I know it
I know
Say that you love me
Say that you love me
I know you must love me
Oh yes you do
Inside I know it
You've always shown it
You love me yea yeah
Oh yeah
I know that you love me

[Song 125: Girls, Girls, Girls (Part 2)]
63 ContributorsGirls, Girls, Girls (Part 2) LyricsA hidden track off the classic Blueprint album, featuring production by Kanye. It samples “Trying Girls Out” by The Persuaders and also features vocals from Michael Jackson and Chante Moore.
I'm not a one girl's guy (Real talk for you, peep game)
And they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie (We don't lie, man)
And the girls respect me for it (You gotta respect that)
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened (I mean, never say never)
But right now, it's just too many fine ladies out there (Too many ladies, hah)
To choose one from
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour (Woo)

Who you lovin'? Who you wanna be huggin', huh?
Who you with? Who you wanna be fuckin'?
Got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question
I read a couple books to add to her soul's progression
To put this in laymen's terms, I gave her some knowledge
She gave me brains in return, she had to drop out of college
Now all she does is homework, I give her in-house tutorin'
In and out, I'm movin' through her student body union
And she call me professor, say daddy come and test her
So she could fail on purpose and repeat the semester
I'm like, "At this rate, ma, you'll never graduate"
She said, "I ain't no fool, I'll make it up in summer school"

I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Now let the people sing
I'm tryin' girls out (Just tryin' girls out)
Just tryin' girls out
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

Huh? Who you lovin'? Who you wanna be fuckin'?
Who said what? Why you trippin', girl? Why is you fussin'?
Got this model-slash-actress-slash-part-time waitress
Spend her whole day, she hanging 'round with part-time haters
All they do is dish dirt and put her up on my latest
Itinerary, but since I tend to vary, see
I tend to carry more rumors than ten Mariah Careys
Tend to hurries, in ten places at once (Woo)
Plus she can't front, 'cause peep how I run mines
Ma, our time together is our time together, and uh
Our time apart is our time apart
So love Jay with your mind, girl, and not your heart
And some day, I'll slow down, but for now, I get around
Like the late Makaveli or Pirelli twenty-inches
Or Caine and O-Dog, stick up tape from Menace
You tell 'em chicks if they must know my business

I'm tryin' girls out
Just tryin' girls out
Put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I get off tour
I'm tryin' girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

I'm lookin' for a Southern girl that cook like Patti LaBelle
Big ghetto booty, scarf over her doobie
Chanel under the Louis, Gucci over her booty
Vicky cover her titties, attitude of the city
Pretty, witty, girly, worldly
One who likes to party, but come home early
Light, kinda dark, short, sorta tall
Slim, kinda thick, I swear I love 'em all
She can cook the coke and got hook-up on the license
But she can get you first-class seats for coach prices
Isn't this great? My flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds

I'm tryin' girls out
Just tryin' girls out
Put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I get off tour
I'm tryin' girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie
And the girls respect me for it
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened
But right now, it's just too many fine ladies out there
To choose one from
I'm tryin' girls out (Waitin' patiently)
Just tryin' girls out (Until I find the one for me)

[Song 126: Money, Cash, Hoes]
70 ContributorsMoney, Cash, Hoes Lyrics“Money, Cash, Hoes” is about the 3 most important things in life:

Money
Cash
Charitable Acts (no j/k! #3 is Hoes)

It was released on November 9, 1998 as the third single from Jay-Z’s third studio album… Read More 

Turn the lights all the—turn the lights all the way down (Yeah)
What? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh-huh, g'yeah (Uh)
C'mon, uh-huh, such a deep flow (Grrr…)
C'mon, yeah, c'mon, yo, yo

J-A-Y, I flow sick (Uh)
Fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money, cash, hoes; money, cash, chicks (What?)
Sex, murder, and mayhem – romance for the street (Uh-huh)
Only wife of mines is a life of crime, and since
Life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chest
How can I not flirt with death?
That's life's enigma, long as life within us
We gon' sin a lot and pray that Christ forgive us – fuck it
Ice the wrist and raise the price on these niggas
Y'all can't floss on my level
I'll invite you all to get with us, if you ball it's glitter
When I go, on the Hall of Players wall, my picture (Uh-huh)
If you get close enough, you can read the scripture
It reads: "Money, Cash, Hoes – How real was that nigga?" (What)

Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon!)
Money, cash, hoes, (What?!) hoes, (What?!) hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon!)
Money, cash, hoes, (What?!) hoes, (What?!) hoes (What?!)

Yeah – the flavors' robust, Platinum and Gold touch
Yeah, I rap now – fast money done slowed up (Uh)
Niggas try to stop Jay-Z, to no luck
Roc-A-Fella forever, – CEO, what! (What?)
Us the villains? Fuck your feelings
While y'all playa hate, we in the upper millions
What's the dealings? (Huh!)
It's like New York's been soft, ever since–
Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep killing
More money, more cash, more chilling
I know they gon' criticize the hook on this song (Tah)
Like I give a fuck – I'm just a crook on a song
Bed-Stuy, Brook-Nam–took on the world
Shit, I led a life you can write a book on
'Sex, Murder, and Mayhem: Romance for the Street'
Man, and I tell ya, it'll be the best-seller, what!

Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon!)
Money, cash, hoes, (What?!) hoes, (What?!) hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon!)
Money, cash, hoes, (What?!) hoes, (What?!) hoes (What?!)
D–M–X, and my dogs bite (Ugh!)
Jigga, my nigga – rhyme all night (Ugh!)
Thugs for life–we're nice with this rap shit
Let 'em go, and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit (C'mon)
Acting–like we owed 'em something
Then we showed 'em something!
Talkin' greezy–I think they found 'em down the road or something? (Wooh!)
Fuckin' with a mad man–in a bad mood
Is like fucking with a mad dog that wants mad food
And the only thing that's stopping him is you (WHAT?!)
The only thing that he'll be dropping–is you (WHAT?!)
Chomping–in two (COME ON!)
Then he drop it to Clue, and the response from the street:
"This is one dog that loves raw meat!" (Woo!)
But getting back to– just 'cause I, love my niggas
I shed blood–for my niggas
Let a nigga holla, "Where my nigga'?"
All I'ma hear is, "Right here, my nigga!"

Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon!)
Money, cash, hoes, (What?!) hoes, (What?!) hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What?!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon!)
Money, cash, hoes, (What?!) hoes, (What?!) hoes (What?!)

Roc-A-Fella shit
Uh huh, uh huh, Ruff Ryders
(Pa-pause, pause)
My nigga Swizz
Uh huh, uh huh
Don't stop, beatch (Uh)
Uh huh, yeah
Respect the game, yo

Okay, okay, okay...
So now the guy's working for Jay-Z
Any problems, he can go to Jay-Z
Trouble writing a song? He can go to Jay-Z
Beef with his label? With other rappers? He can call Jay-Z
But now the guy's gotta come up with Jay-Z's money every week –
No matter what!
"Ain't selling any records? Fuck you! Pay me"
"Oh, you want me in your video? Fuck you! Pay me"
"No one's coming to your shows, huh? Fuck you! Pay me"
And then what do you do?
When you can't borrow another dollar from the label?
You can't sell 'em the single in the stores?
Ya light a match.... ya blow the joint {*explosion*}

[Song 127: Hate]
75 ContributorsHate LyricsThis duet with Kanye West deals with a subject near and dear to both artists – people who are jealous of their success and money
Haters
Haters—snitch haters!
And I made myself so easy to love
Yeah, yeah

How much they hate it? Very
Kiss girls like Katy Perry
I am never sprung, but I spring 'er: Jerry
Don’t try this at home; results may vary
King like T.I., but in the Chi, Larry

Hoover? Hova
Both are American Gangsters
You choose who's colder
Rappers get nasty in the booth but I'm grosser
I can’t even stomach myself: ulcer
More realer 'cause I'm closer
Had girlies in girdles weighing more than they supposed to
Poser? No, sir
My hustle: so Russell
I stretch work: yoga
You know I got it down, dog
Al Roker, I used to knock pounds off
It ain’t nothing for me to knock nouns off
And these MCs praying for my downfall
They just haters
I wave at you, I’m so player
I’ll never be done, I’m so ra-re

We killing the game, it's not fair
You motherfuckers stay right there
'Cause we too high up in the air
We blasting off just like a laser
Nigga, "Pyong! Pyong! Pyong!"
Get back, give me room, room, room
DB9 like, "Vroom, vroom, vroom!"
Young Hov', what we doin', doin', doin'?

We ballin', bitches
Eating y'all food, leaving dishes
Why these niggas always talking Lear talk, 'Ye?
Why I never see 'em at the Clearport, 'Ye?
Why always hear they at the airport?
While I fly daily like I'm in the Air Force (Ayy)
Therefore, please stop talking my ears off, millionaire talk
You haters, you mad at me 'cause your paper
Need to get its motherfucking weight up
(Hold up) Wait up, I ain’t done
Name one thing I ain’t done
It hurts when you say that I ain't the one
You haters, how do I gain your favor?
I need to know 'cause I care
I need you to love me, I swear—look here!
See 'Ye is running the Chi like Gale Sayers
I'm running New York, I got the mayor on my pager
You can’t fade us, you haters
I need you, stay there
I breathe you like air

Ay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Where all my haters?
I love all my haters
Love all my haters
I love all my haters
Where the fuck is my haters? Hater?
Yay-yer! Haha

[Song 128: Streets Is Watching]
66 ContributorsStreets Is Watching Lyrics“Streets Is Watching” is a track on JAY-Z’s 1997 sophomore album In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 and is the title track of the soundtrack to his 1998 movie Streets Is Watching.
One similarity between rap stars and… Read More 

Uh-huh uh huh uh, gee-gee-geyeah
Peeping, watching, streets
You boys are soft like bread
Uh-huh uh huh uh, live from Brooklyn
Uh-huh uh, the streets is watching
Check it, check, uh-huh uh, check

Look, if I shoot you, I'm brainless
But if you shoot me, then you're famous!
What's a nigga to do when the, streets is watching, blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake?
Can't ignore it, that's the fastest way to get extorted
But my time is money, and twenty-five, I can't afford it
Beef assorted like Godiva chocolates
Niggas you bought it, I pull the slide back and cock it
Plan aborted, you and your mans get a pass
This rhyme, you're operating on bitch time
Y'all niggas ain't worth my shells, all y'all niggas tryna do
Is hurt my sales, and stop trips to John Meneilly
The type to start a beef then run to the cops
When I see you in the street got one in the drop
When I'd rather be on tour getting a hundred a pop
Taking pictures with some bitches in front of the drop
The streets is watching

When the, streets is watching
Blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake
Can't ignore it

Now it's hard not to kill niggas
It's like a full time job not to kill niggas, can't chill
The streets is watching you when you froze your arms
Niggas wanna test you when your gun goes warm
Can't get caught with your feet up, got to keep your heat up
Sweet niggas running 'round swearing shit is sweeter
Once you're tagged lame, the game is follow the leader
Everybody want a piece of your scrilla, so you gotta keep it realer
Kidnap niggas wanna steal you
Broke niggas want no cash, they just wanna kill ya
For the name, niggas don't know the rules
Disrespecting the game, want you to blow your cool
Force your hand, of course that man's plotting
Smarten up, the streets is watching (it's on)

When the, streets is watching
Blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake
Can't ignore it

My street mentality flip bricks forever
Know me and money we like armed co-defendants, nigga we stick together
Shit whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground
Hustle harder 'til secret indictment time came around
Now you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found
Put in 24 hour shifts but, that ain't me now
Got a face too easy to trace, niggas mouths got slow leaks
Had to hire a team of workers, couldn't play those streets
See out of space like Mercury, you jerking me? Hectic
Had to call upon my wolves to send niggas the message
It said this, "Let's play fair and we can stay here;
I'm trying to transform you boys to men like daycare!
Hey, there's money to be made!" and niggas got the picture
Stopped playing with my paper and, we got richer
Then hard times fell upon us, half of my staff had warrants
The other half, in the casket lay dormant
I felt like life was cheating me
For the first time in my life I was getting money but it was like my conscience was eating me
Was this a lesson God teaching me? Was he saying that
I was playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back?
Like bad coke, pimp or die, was my mindframe bad?
Was niggas thinking simplify was turning cocaine crack?
Ain't a whole lot of brain to that, just trying to maintain a stack
And not collide like two trains that's on the same track
But get my life together like the oils I bring back
In the bottom of the pot where no water gets hot
Got my transporter take it across the border then stop
To set up shop with a quarter of rock, here's the plan
For three straight weeks, niggas slaughtered the block
But you know the game is food, it fucked up me and my dudes
One drought can wipe a nigga out, faster than the cops
And this unstable way of living just had to stop
Half of my niggas got time, we done real things
By '94 became the subject of half of y'all niggas rhymes
Public apologies to the families of those caught up in my shit
But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in this shit
The life and times of a demonic mind, excited with crime
And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind
I figured, "Shit, why risk myself? I'll just write it in rhymes
And let you feel me and if you don't like it, then fine!"
The mind state of a nigga who boosted the crime rate
So high in one city they send National Guards to get me
Shit, B

What's fuckin' with that?
The streets

[Song 129: Breathe Easy (Lyrical Exercise)]
79 ContributorsBreathe Easy (Lyrical Exercise) LyricsThis “hidden” song from Jay-Z’s classic 2001 album The Blueprint sees Jay using an extended exercise metaphor for his rap skills
The dark, piano driven beat was produced by Just Blaze and features a sample… Read More 
So I had to memorize these rhymes until I got home, you understand?
So, and they'll do— you know
Once you memorize a sentence, it's like an exercise
Y'all niggas can't be serious right now
I'm the all-time heavyweight champion of flowers
I'm leading the league in at least six statistical categories right now
Best flow, most consistent, realest stories
Most charisma
I set the most trends
And my interviews are hotter
Holla

I jog in the graveyard, spar in the same ring
That was housed by the building where Malcolm X was slain
I spring train in the winter, 'round early December
Run suicide drills over and over
With the weight of the world on my shoulder
That's why they call me Hova
I'm far from being God, but I work goddamn hard
I wake up the birds, so when the nerds asleep
I'm catching my second wind the second the first one ends
I am focused, man, and I'm not afraid of death
I'm going all out, I circle the vultures in a van and
I run the block (Run), pull up in a drop (Pull up)
Push up on my money (Push up), I'm in great shape, dunny (Woo)
I keep jacks jumping, thirty-six sets
Like a personal trainer, I teach coke to stretch
I pump in Roc sweats, all-white trainers
The ghetto's Billy Blanks, I show you niggas what pain is
Maintain your stamina, Hov will damage ya
Spot you two rhymes, y'all niggas is amateurs
The fifth a deadlift
If niggas don't wanna get shot, then y'all niggas better squat
I drop your set for rep
No need to hit the showers, the spit from the fifth leave you wet
Lyrical exercise
Y'all niggas ain't tired, right?

One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, two, three, four
Breathe easy

Suckers, get your weight up (Uh), not your hate up
Jigga Man is diesel when I lift the eight up
Y'all ain't ready to workout with the boy
Your flow is brain on drugs, mines is rap on steroids
I lift every voice when I sing, my ability
Make yours look like an exercise in futility (Woo)
Bring your squad, biceps, triceps, and quads
We don't struggle with undeveloped muscles
Y'all ain't real, that's y'all Achilles' heel
Same routine when you see me, you know the drill
I spot ya
I lift the weight of the watch off your arm, remain nice and calm
Put down your things
Trinidad of the game, know my way around your ring
No matter how many pounds you bring
It sounds like the same old thing
R-O-C is the strongest team, fuckers

One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, two, three, four
Breathe easy

[Song 130: What We Talkin’ About]
82 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolWhat We Talkin’ About LyricsFeaturing Empire of the Sun’s Luke Steele on additional vocals, the Kanye and No I.D. produced track samples “Spirit” by Frederic Mercier from 1978.
It continued Jay’s process of maturation that began way… Read More 

Blueprint, trois
Yeah, yeah

What we talkin' 'bout? Real shit or we talkin' 'bout rhymes?
You talkin' 'bout millions or you talkin' 'bout mine?
What we talkin' 'bout? 'Cause I ain't got time
For what people be talkin' 'bout all the time
What we talkin' 'bout? Fiction or we talkin' 'bout fact?
You talkin' 'bout fiction? Hold up, pardon my back
I'm talkin' 'bout life (Life, life)
And all I hear is, "Oh yeah, he keeps talkin' 'bout crack"
I ain't talkin' 'bout profit, I'm talkin' 'bout pain
I'm talkin' 'bout despair, I'm talkin' 'bout shame
I ain't talkin' 'bout gossip, I ain't talkin' 'bout Game
I ain't talkin' 'bout Jimmy, I ain't talkin' 'bout Dame
I'm talkin' 'bout real shit, them people playin'
What is you talkin' 'bout? I don't know what y'all sayin'
People keep talkin' 'bout, "Hov, take it back!"
I'm doin' better than before, why would I do that?
Ain't nothin' cool 'bout carryin' a strap
'Bout worryin' your moms and buryin' your best cat
I'm talkin' 'bout revenge while carryin' his casket
All teary-eyed, 'bout to take it to a mattress
I'm talkin' 'bout music, I ain't talkin' 'bout rap
You talkin' 'bout who's hot, I ain't talkin' 'bout that
The conversation is changed, let's yap about that
I don't run rap no more, I run the map

They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
I see what y'all talkin' about, ha ha
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?

Chyeah, still they can't focus on them, they be talkin' 'bout me
Talkin' 'bout what I wear, talkin' 'bout where I be
Yeah, check out my hair, these ain't curls, these is peas
Peasey head still get paid, I'm combin' through G's
Please, we ain't focused on naps
'Cause I don't run rap no more, I run the map
A small part of the reason the President is black
I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack
Talkin' 'bout progress, I ain't lookin' back
You know I run track, try not to get lapped
People keep talkin' 'bout Hov left 'em flat
Tryna rewrite history, let's talk about facts
Dame made millions, even Jaz made some scraps
He could've made more but he ain't sign his contract
As far as street guys, we was dealin' crack
That's just how the game goes, I don't owe nobody jack
Grown men, want me to sit 'em on my lap
But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black
I repeat, you can't sit on my lap
I don't have a beard, now get off my sack—scream at me!

They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
Blueprint 3

And now that that's that, let's talk about the future
We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther
Now you could choose to sit in front of your computer
Posin' with guns, shootin' YouTube up
Or you could come with me to the White House, get your suit up
You stuck on being hardcore, I chuck the deuce up
Peace out Medusa
Welcome to the Blue-ah-Print-ah tre-piece, Jay-Z your tutor
Tooter of my own horn, beep beep, moo ya
Rass clot when rude boy come through with the roof up
So I could see the sky
'Cause everybody talkin' Hov, I think we know why

They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?

They say
They say

[Song 131: It’s Hot (Some Like It Hot)]
52 ContributorsIt’s Hot (Some Like It Hot) LyricsA song about thug domination, sharing a name with the Marilyn Monroe movie Some Like it Hot, where two dudes cross-dress to get booty and escape the mob.

Can't stop it, nigga (Ugh)
Check, mm-mm, uh-huh
Can't stop that, ch-ch (Timbaland shit, huh)
Put your hands together (Jiggaman shit, huh)
Yeah, ugh
Brooklyn, Brook-Brooklyn, huh (That's right)
Put your motherfuckin' hands together, uh-huh
This that shit
Yo, ugh
Put your motherfuckin' hands together, can't stop it
Yo, yo

Show-closer, J-to-the-A-Y-Hova
Place-shutter-down, who the fuck'll fuck around?
Game-spitter, Range-sitter, Bentley-driver, nigga
Keep a full clip, I have to empty out on niggas
Ho-bagger, no-slacker
Get this shit jumpin' ike eight blacks, four crackers—
Get your ass jumped
Cris'-sipper, six-dipper, wrist glitter, nigga
Gat-buster, ass-toucher, clit-licker
Go against Jigga? Yo ass is dense
I'm about a dollar, what the fuck is fifty cents?
Hot-shit-kicker, nigga, turn these mics out
My jewelry so bright you can turn these lights out
Hova's like Noah: Keep two in the truck
I'm like U-Haul: Every bitch moving, I fuck
You move, slut, I gotta put two in your butt
I'm everything: the whens, whys, whos, and what
Nigga, what!

Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell no you can't stop it (Ugh)—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch (Motherfuckin' hands together)
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop

Separate myself from the lame, no you can't see me
I'm six-oh-oh, you're three hundred C-E
Give my ladies dick, my young hoes pee-pee
Hits in a row like MJ ("Hee-hee!")
Since I was waist height, late night, bustin' in the clouds
Running wild, coming home late, cussin' out my mouth
Niggas said, "Bryan, leave your cousin in the house
Every time we play the Dozen, he's bugging out"
While y'all was playing yo-yo, I was sitting on low pros
Dippin' the po-po, gettin' that dough-dough
No, no, I ain't stupid—I take loot, kid
What's in the bank? Shoot it, lose it like I ain't do it
You wanna play Jigga, nigga? What you drank, fluid?
Got a full tank, now you wanna pull rank?
I clap steel, act ill, Jigga shoot thee
Give you chest pains, leg sprains—absolutely! What!

Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop, pop

Thirty-eight revolve like the Sun 'round the Earth
Try to play hard get you found 'round the dirt
Six shell casings found 'round your shirt
(*Crying*) In surround sound from the Hearse
Jiggaman, trigger-man, hit your man up
Six shots, hit the pole, hit the van up
Kidnap grown folks, get them grands up
Timbaland, hot shit—get them hands up

Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it (Ugh)—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch (Motherfuckin' hands together)
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop (Nigga, what!)
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop, pop

[Song 132: Blue Magic]
56 ContributorsBlue Magic LyricsIntroducing Jay-Z’s American Gangster-inspired album, this well-received first single took its name from a potent form of heroin distributed by kingpin Frank Lucas at the height of his drug trafficking in New… Read More 

Roc-A-Fella Records
The imperial Skateboard P
Great Hova
Y'all already know what it is! (Oh shit!)
C'mon! (Woooo!)
Yeah

So what if you flip a couple words? I could triple that in birds
Open your mind, you see the circus in the sky
I'm Ringling Brothers, Barnum & Bailey with the pies
No matter how you slice it, I'm your motherfuckin' guy
And just like a b-boy with 360 waves
Do the same with the pot, still come back beige
Whether right or southpaw, whether pot or the jar
Whip it around, it still comes back hard
So easily do I W-H-I-P
My repetition with wristses'll bring the kilo bidness
I got Creole C.O. bitches for my niggas
Who slipped, became prisoners, treats taped to the visitors
You already know what the bid-ness is
Unnecessary commissary, boy, we live this shit
Niggas wanna bring the '80s back
That's okay with me, that's where they made me at
Except I don't write on the wall
I write my name in the history books, hustlin' in the hall
Nah, I don't spin on my head
I spin my work in the pot, so I can spend my bread

And I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it
I ain't talkin' about it, I'm livin' it
I'm gettin' it, straight gettin' it
G—G—G—Get— Get— Get it, boy
Don't waste your time
Fighting the life
Stay your course
And you'll understand (Get it, boy)

It's '87 state of mind that I'm in (mind that I'm in)
In my prime, so for that time, I'm Rakim (I'm Rakim)
If it wasn't for the crime that I was in
But I wouldn't be the guy who rhymes it is that I'm in (that I'm in)
No pain, no profit
P, I repeat if you show me where the pot is (pot is)
Cherry M3's with the top back (top back)
Red and green G's all on my hat
North Beach leathers, matching Gucci sweater
Gucci sneaks on to keep my outfit together
Whatever, hundred for the diamond chain
Can't you tell that I came from the dope game?
Blame Reagan for making me into a monster
Blame Oliver North and Iran-Contra
I ran contraband that they sponsored
Before this rhymin' stuff we was in concert

And I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it
I ain't talkin' about it, I'm livin' it
I'm gettin' it, straight gettin' it
G—G—G—Get— Get— Get it, boy
Don't waste your time
Fighting the life
Stay your course
And you'll understand (Get it, boy)

Ugh, push
Money over broads, you got it—fuck Bush
Chef, guess what I cooked?
Baked a lot of bread and kept it off the books
Rock star, look
Way before the bars, my picture was getting took
Feds, they like wack rappers
Try as they may, they couldn't get me on the hook, ugh
D.A. wanna indict me
'Cause fishscale's in my veins like a Pisces
The Pyrex pot, rolled up my sleeves
Turn one into two like a Siamese twin
When it end, I'ma stand as a man
Never dying on my knees, last of a dying breed
So let the champagne pop
I partied for a while – now, I'm back to the block

And I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it
I ain't talkin' about it, I'm livin' it
I'm gettin' it, straight gettin' it
G—G—G—Get— Get— Get it, boy
Don't waste your time
Fighting the life
Stay your course
And you'll understand (Get it, boy)
"'Blue Magic'—that's a brand name. Like 'Pepsi'—that's a brand name. I stand behind it. I guarantee it. They know that, even if they don't know me any more than they know the— the Chairman of General Mills. My man..."

[Song 133: Nigga What, Nigga Who (Originator ’99)]
61 ContributorsNigga What, Nigga Who (Originator ’99) LyricsThis track finds Jay-Z linking with his early rap mentor Jaz-O for a sequel to one of their first collaborations; with the hook being delivered by one of Roc-A-Fella Records‘ newest signees Amil. Produced by… Read More 
Uh-huh, uh-huh
G-Geah, g-geah
Roc-A-Fella y'all
Uh-huh uh-huh, Jigga
Timbaland shit, nine-eight, biatch!
Say what, say what?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, follow me, biatch!

Nigga, what?
Nigga, who? (Y'all niggas can't fuck with me)
Nigga, what (Get ready, yo)
Nigga, who?
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit, though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
(Uh-huh uh-huh, yeah, yeah)

Motherfuckers wanna act loco
Hit 'em with numerous shots with the fo'-fo'
Faggots wanna talk to po-po's, smoke 'em like coco
Fuck rap, coke by the boatload
Fuck that, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed
Left holes through some guy clothes
Stop your bullshit, Glock with the full clip
Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit
One shot could make a nigga do a full flip
See the nigga layin' shocked when the fool hit
Oh, hey ma, how you? Know niggas wanna buy you
But see, me? I wanna fuck for free like Akinyele
Take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly
If it's tight, get the K-Y Jelly
All night, get you wide up inside the telly
Side to side 'til you say, "Jay-Z, you're too much for me."

(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

Got a condo with nothin' but condoms in it
The same place where the rhymes invented
So all I do is rap and sex—imagine how I stroke
See how I was flowin' on my last cassette?
Rapid-fire like I'm blastin' a TEC, never jam though
Never get hot, never run out of ammo
Niggas hatin' and shit 'cause I slayed your bitch
You know your favorite, I know it made you sick, and now you
Actin' raw, but you never had war
Don't know how to carry your ho, wanna marry your ho
Now she's mad at me 'cause Your Majesty
Just happened to be a pimp—what a tragedy!
She want us to end 'cause I fucked her friend
She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again
I seen her tears as she busted in
I said, "Shit, there's a draft, shut the door, bitch, and come on in!"

(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

Got a vendetta even though I been better
Left him in the cold with a thin sweater
Rap niggas on Prozac get the bozack
Niggas threw two at me, I threw four back, hold that
Let the dough stack
Way before Biggs had the gold Ac', Dame had the Lex black
Motherfuckers wanna test that, stress that
And right where you're stressed at, where you rest at
I suggest that niggas invest in a vest
When I come through with the Glock, jet-black
You niggas step back
I'm the best at, you know I ain't no apprentice to this
Me and my niggas, we invented the shit
I came into the business with this
The Originator, none greater, Jaz-O, finish this shit!

Better learn, Jaz'll relax that, ever heard of me?
Worldwide Originator, say word to me
The population holla, "Certainly"
I burn a nigga like a third degree
See me shine so bright
Nigga, I'm my light, runnin' rulin' with rigor and vigor
Nobody bigger than me and my nigga Jigga
You fly-by-night, stop chirpin' B
Heavyweight's light work for me
For the time in this motherfucker ain't nobody hurtin' me
What, cut your face in like surgery
Who the fuck got a VS
Fuckin' BM's on the road
When you had to be in bed at the PM
Need the info, Jaz on the C-N-N
Forever touchin', my work is beginnin', you’re endin'
Nigga, your style's no style, my style's hostile, c'mon
Faggot nigga, down to take the gun home
The o-ri-gi-na-tor!
(Can't fuck with it, can ya?!)

(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though

[Song 134: Jigga That Nigga]
77 ContributorsJigga That Nigga LyricsThe third single from The Blueprint, featuring production by Trackmasters.
In an interview with Complex, Tone of The Trackmasters recalled the making of this song:

It was actually one of the first records… Read More 
みなさんJay-Zのようになりたいよ
彼はすごいかっこいいけど、周り全然楽しんでないよ
Roc-A-Fella, y'all
It's the Roc
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
R-O, R-O-C, niggas, R-O
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Hov, R-O-C, niggas, R-O, woo
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
It's Hov, R-O-C, niggas
(Jay-Z)

Come on the track like duh-duh-duh-duh
With a throwback jersey and a fitted
Might blow a bag of Hershey in the siddix
Or might take sips of Army with a chiddick, I'm so sick with it
Lampin' in the Hamptons
The weekends, man, the Stan Smith Adidas and the Campus
Or playin' guts on the cruise, Hermès boat shoes
The Izod bucket on, I'm so old-school
Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops
Six top model chicks, who is this hot?
J-A, ladies, help me say it now
Y-Z, mami, why you playin' with me?
Ride with me, get high as me
It's how it's supposed to be when you rollin' with G's, Hov
Back up in this bitch like woah
Jigga get this whole shit jumpin' like six-fours

(Hov), V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)

Hov, and so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu
She's respondin', top is C. Ronson
We in Luan (Woo), gettin' our groove on
Buyin' out the bar, on our way to Spa'
She never seen a hundred on the wrist before
Never seen twenty-twos on the six before
I am killin' 'em out there, they needin' first aid
'Cause the boy got more sixes than first grade
The crib got killer views and square feet
You have to film MTV Cribs for a week
So sleep if you need to, mami, I will leave you
Right where you stand, nah, I don't wanna dance (I'm good)
I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants
Waist is low enough to let your waist show
Top like a rock star, I got a fast car
We can cruise the city doin' a buck-sixty

(Hov), V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)

He did it again, haters no like
But they gotta fuck with it, 'cause the flow's so tight
Gnarly, dude, I puff Bob Marley, dude
All day like Rastafaris do
Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move
You fuckin' up my high, don't bother me, dude
But Red Rover, send your hoes over
She can do whatever, sip somethin' with soda
She can leave whenever, sip somethin' with Hova
We can play however, slay bed or sofa
And the prognosis, sex is explosive
Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga, I'm focused

(Hov), V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga), woah

R-O, R-O-C, niggas
R-O-C, niggas
(Roc-A-Fella, y'all)

[Song 135: Friend or Foe]
56 ContributorsFriend or Foe LyricsIn this short track from his first album, Reasonable Doubt, JAY-Z plays drug kingpin and condescendingly dismisses an outsider Jay believes is planning to take over his market.
The verse is structured as a… Read More 

Check one, check two
Shit, you know what to do
Preemo, Cold Crush when I give it to you

Friend or foe, yo? State your biz
Ummm, you tendin' dough? Ah, there it is
Me, I run the show, oh, and these kids
Don't like nobody comin' around here fuckin' with they dough for shit
You enterprisin' though, and I like it
But fuck with the big dogs, yo? I gotta bite ya
Look, it's out of my hands
And you gettin' money 'round here, it's not in the plans
Don't hop yo' ass out of that van, head back to Kansas
I'm sendin' niggas back up in campuses
Chance is slimmer than that chick in Calvin Klein pants is
Let me guess – they said it was money 'round here
And the rest is me stoppin' you from gettin' it, correct?
Sorry to hear that, my guess is you got work at the hotel
I'll take care of that, you'll soon see
Now, please give me the room key
You're twitchin', don't do that, you makin' me nervous
My crew, well, they do pack, them dudes is murderers
So, please, would you put your hand back in sight?
They don't like to see me nervous, you can understand that, right?
You draw? Better be Picasso—you know, the best
'Cause if this is not so? Ah, God bless
You leave me no choice, I'll leave you no voice
Believe you me, son
I hate to do it, just as bad as you hate to see it done
Now calm your boys
'Cause I'm findin' it a little hard to concentrate with all the noise
Get the point? I'll let you go; before you leave
I guess I ought to let you know, I need those keys
And a promise you never, no matter the weather
Ever ever ever ever ever ever come around here no mo' – ha-haha

[Song 136: Soon You’ll Understand]
63 ContributorsSoon You’ll Understand LyricsA song rumored to be dedicated to to Trinidadian model Shenelle Scott (with whom tabloids claim Jay has a baby) – written in the final throes of their relationship.
Two verses on Jay’s lost love, with a 3rd… Read More 
Mmm, you don't understand now, because you're cryin' – you hurt
You'll understand soon enough
Soon enough...

"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
You're my best friend's sister, grown woman and all
But you see how I am around girls – I ruin 'em all
Plus, your mom call me son, around you since I was small
Shit, I watched you mature, nah, this ain't right
But still when your boyfriend ditched you, "life's a bitch," you cried
Over my right shoulder, I told you to wipe your eyes
Take your time when you likin' a guy
'Cause if he sense that your feelings too intense, his pimp'll die
I bought you earrings on your birthday
Drove you to college your first day
It must be said, though it hurts to say
We could never be a item, don't even like him
You deserve better, this is ugly –
Gina, please don't love me
There's better guys out there other than me
(You need a lawyer or a doctor, or somebody like that, you know?)
Like a lawyer or a doctor with a Ph.D
Think of how upset your mother and brother would be
If they found that you was huggin' me
My conscience is fuckin' with me

"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."

Man, I look in the eyes of our...
This... our kid, this whole life we made together...
We're tryin', really tryin' to make it work
I'm young, and I ain't ready, and I told you

It ain't like, I ain't tell you from day one, I ain't shit
When it comes to relationships, I don't have the patience
Now it's too late, we got a little life together
And in my mind, I really want you to be my wife forever
But in the physical, it's like I'ma be trife forever
A different girl every night forever; told you to leave
But you're stubborn and you love him and
No matter what, despite all the fuckin' and the cheatin'
You still won't leave him, now you're grievin'
And I feel bad, believe me
But I'm young and I ain't ready, and this ain't easy
Wasn't fair to tell you to wait, so I told you to skate
You chose not to, now look at the shit we gotta go through
Don't wanna fight, don't wanna fuss
You the mother of my baby
I don't want you to hate me, this is about us
Rather, me; I ain't ready to be what you want me to be
And 'cause I love you, I want you to leave, please

"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."

Mm... listen, Ma
I mean, I seen you workin' two or three jobs
Daddy left – I... I thought I was makin' things better
I made it worse

Dear Ma, I'm in the cell, lonely as hell
Writin' this scribe, thinkin' 'bout how you must feel inside
You tried to teach me better, but I refused to grow
Goddamn, I ain't the young man that you used to know
You said the street claim lives, but I wanted things like
Bling-bling ice; I was wrong in hindsight
Shit, we grew apart; tried to blame it on your new spouse
I know it hurt like hell the day you kicked me out
But your house is your house, I ain't respect the rules
I brought crack past your door, beefed with rival crews
And who wants to be the mother of a son who sold drugs?
Co-workers saw me on the corner slingin' Larry Love
Meanwhile, you workin' hard, like 2 or 3 jobs
Tryin' to feed me and my siblings, makin' an honest livin'
Who am I kiddin'? I–call myself easin' the load
I made the load heavy, I need money for commissary
Try to understand, please

"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."

[Song 137: Pray]
77 ContributorsPray Lyrics“Pray” is the second track from Jay-Z’s tenth studio album American Gangster.
In the track Hov delivers a semi-biographical narrative, which largely emphasizes the context in which he was brought up in:… Read More 
Deliver me from my enemies, o' God
Defend me from all that rise up against me
Deliver me from the work of iniquity
And save me from the Bloody Men

Look, mind state of a gangster from the '40s
Meets the business mind of Motown's Berry Gordy
Turned crack rock into a chain of '40/40's
Sorry, my jewelry's so gaudy
Slid into the party with my new pair of Mauri's
America, meet the gangster Shawn Corey
"Hey, Young World," wanna hear a story?
Close your eyes and you can pretend you're me
I'm cut from the cloth of the Kennedy's
Frank Sinatra, having dinner with the Genovese
This is the genesis of a nemesis
Mother America's not witnessed since
The Harlem Renaissance birthed Black businesses
This is the tale of lost innocence
As the incense burn
And the turntables turn and that Al Green plays
I see my mother's afro
As Mama taps her toes, as she rolls her J's
And my papa just left the house
In search of the killer of my Uncle Ray
And she's trying to calm her nerves
As I observe, this is just one day
And what tomorrow has in store, we can never be sure
So all we can do is pray

Because of your strength
While I walked upon thee
For God is my defense
Pray for me!

As I head to my homeroom
I observe the ruins, dope needles on the ground
I hear a car go, "Vroom"
Drug dealer in the BM with the top down
As the girls start to giggle
I ask, "Why you laugh?" They say, "You're too little"
"One day, you'll understand when you become a man
About things you have to get you"
Fast-forward, freeze-frame on my pistol
Fistful of dollars, ignorance is so blissful
I didn't choose this life, this life chose me
Around here, it's the shit that you just do
I just left school
The same BM is pulled over by the boys dressed blue
They had their guns drawn, screaming, "Just move!" ("Don't move!")
"Or is there something else you suggest we can do?"
He made his way to the trunk, opened it like, "Huh?"
A treasure chest was removed
Cops said he'll be back next month
What we call corrupt, he calls paying dues
Now, when the rules is blurred—
As they is and were—what am I to do, but pray?
Pray the Lord forgive me
Pray He guides me by for what I'm 'bout to go through
Pray

Deliver me in thy righteousness
And cause me to escape
And climb thine air unto me
Save me, thine Lord
Pray for me!

Gyeah...
Anywhere there's oppression
The drug profession flourishes like beverages, refreshing
Ahh! Sweet taste of sin
Everything I seen made me everything I am
Bad drug dealer or victim, I beg
What came first? Moving chickens or the egg?
This is why I be so fresh
I'm tryna beat life, 'cause I can't cheat death
Treat shame with shamelessness
Aim stainlesses at anuses
You know the game this is?
Move coke like Pepsi, don't matter what the brand name is
I stand behind mine
Everything I do, I'm a man behind mine
I'm not an angel, I'm sure
But every night before I lay, I drop my knees to the floor
And I pray

The name shall endure forever
The name shall be continued as long as the sun
Pray for me!
Men shall be blessed in Him
All nations shall call Him blessed
In Your name, I pray
Pray for me!
Lord bless us

[Song 138: Coming of Age]
60 ContributorsComing of Age Lyrics“Coming of Age” sees big homie JAY-Z giving game to his little homie Memphis Bleek from the Marcy Projects over a DJ Clark Kent track that samples Eddie Henderson’s “Inside You.” Jay said the following about… Read More 
Yeah...
Come experience... life as we know it
As some of you should know it
Place: Marcy, Brooklyn
Actions: well, y'all know the actions

Uhh, I got this shorty on my block always clocking my rocks
He likes the style and profile I think he wanna mock
He likes the way I walk, he see my money talking
To honies hawking, I'm the hottest nigga in New York and
I see his hunger pains, I know his blood boils
He wanna run with me, I know this kid'll be loyal
I watched him make a few ends, to cop his little sneakers and gear
Then it's just enough for re-up again
I see myself in his eyes, I moved from Levi's
To Guess to Versace, now it's diamonds like Liberace
That's just the natural cycle
Nobody want to be like Michael where I'm from
Just them niggas who bounced from a gun
We out here trying to make hard white into cohhhhld green
I can help shorty blow out like Afro-Sheen
Plus I can relive my days of youth which is gone
That little nigga's peeps, it's time to put him on

It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)

I'm out here slinging, bringing the drama, trying to come up
In the game and add a couple of dollar signs to my name
I'm out here serving, disturbing the peace
Life could be better like my man reclined in plush leather seats
He's selling weight, I'm selling eight.. balls
Sixteen, trying to graduate to pushing quarters y'all
I ain't going to sweat him I'm a let him come to me
If he give me the nod then these niggas going to see
I'm tired of being out here round the clock, and breaking day
And chasing crackheads up the block for my pay
I'm staying fresh, so chickens check
I'm trying to step up to the next level
Pushing 'Vettes through the 'jects
Diamonds reflect from the sun, directly in your equilibrium
And stunned, I'm waiting for my day to come
I got the urge to splurge
I don't want a lifetime sentence, just give me the word

It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)

Hey fella I been watching you clocking
Who me? Holding down this block? It ain't nothing
You the man nigga, now stop fronting
Hahah, I like your style (Nah, I like your style)
Let's drive around awhile! Cool, nigga
Here's a thou', A G? I ride with you for free
I want the long-term riches and bitches
Have it all, now listen to me
You let them other niggas get the name, skip the fame
Ten thou' or a hundred G keep your shit the same
(On the low?) Yeah, the only way to blow
You let your shit bubble quietly (AND THEN YOU BLOW!)
Kid, keep your cool
The only way to peep a fool is let him show his hand
Then you play your cards, then he through dealing I understand
Don't blow your dough on hotties
The only thing I got in this world is my word and my nuts
And won't break 'em for nobody
Hah, I like your résumé, pick a day, you can start
From now until death do us part, nigga (Right!)

It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up (and stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)
It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up ( and stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)

[Song 139: Off That]
83 ContributorsOff That Lyrics“Off That” is a collaboration between JAY-Z and Drake that appears on Jay’s The Blueprint 3. On the track, the artists discuss their unwillingness to engage their detractors in conflict or beef, while also… Read More 
Welcome
To the future, uhh (Blueprint, 3, ay-ay, oh, hey-hey)
Hey, count me in (Blue-print, 3, ay, hey, hey-hey)
Find me a nice soft place to land (I got you Hov', ay ay-ay)
I'm so high (Yeah, hey hey, hey, hey, c'mon)
Find me a place to land
(Fricky-fricky uhh, ahhhhh, c'mon now, c'mon now)
Yeah, right there, yeah (Fricky-fricky Hov')

I'm so tomorrow the Audemar says yesterday
Which means you on time delay
So even if I slow it dowwwwwn
My sound is fast forward, hold up
I'm just a runway show
But I wear that so my plane, these my runway clothes
Hehe, Cashmere sweats
They come out next year but these my last year sweats
And my ho's so sick
Your new chick can't fuck with my old bitch
And you know this shit
I'm professional, they novices
I just may let you borrow this
This the Blueprint, nigga follow this
This what what tomorrow is
Welcome to tomorrow BIIIIIIIIIII

Whatever you about to discover we off that (Hey)
You about to tell her you love her we off that (Hey, hey)
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that (Hey, hey)
But you can't bring the future back, back (Hey, hey)
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that (Hey, hey)
Oversized clothes and chains we off that (Hey, hey)
Niggas still making it rain and we off that (Hey, hey)
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back (Hey)
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that (Hey, hey)
Timbs we off that, rims we off that (Hey, hey)
Yeah we off that, is you still on that? (Hey, hey)
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that (Hey, err)

This ain't black vs. white, my nigga we off that
Please tell Bill O'Reilly to fall back
Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls
It's 2010, not 1864
Uhh, yeah we come so far
So I drive around town, hard top and it's off
Uhh, in my TriBeCa loft
With my high brow art, and my high yellow broad
Uhh, and my dark-skinned sis
And my best white mate, say what's up to Chris
Uhh, how's that for a mix?
Got a black president, got green presidents
"Blueprint's" in my white iPod
Black diamonds in my Jesus piece, my God
Uhh, we ain't tripping off that
This a Benetton ad, nigga been up off that, uhh

Whatever you about to discover we off that (Hey)
You about to tell her you love her we off that (Hey, hey)
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that (Hey, hey)
But you can't bring the future back, back (Hey, hey)
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that (Hey, hey)
Oversized clothes and chains we off that (Hey, hey)
Niggas still making it rain and we off that (Hey, hey)
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back (Hey)
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that (Hey, hey)
Timbs we off that, rims we off that (Hey, hey)
Yeah we off that, is you still on that? (Hey, hey/Uhh, uhh)
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that (Hey, err/Uhh)

I don't give a fidduck abiddout the widdate
You used to move, what you used to do
And I don't give a fidduck abiddout the bitches
That you used to screw, what your future do
And we don't really care what you used to say
Unless that affects your future pay
I'm on a practice field runnin' Two-A-Days
So I don't drop the ball when it's threw my way
So I don't give a fidduck abiddout the shit
That you probably did, who you probably is
The only time I deal in past tense
'Cause I'm past rims, and I'm past tints
If you drivin' it, I drove it
You got it, 'cause I sold it
You copped it, I bought it back
And we don't give a fidduck, nigga we off that

Whatever you about to discover we off that (Hey)
You about to tell her you love her we off that (Hey, hey)
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that (Hey, hey)
But you can't bring the future back, back (Hey, hey)
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that (Hey, hey)
Oversized clothes and chains we off that (Hey, hey)
Niggas still making it rain and we off that (Hey, hey)
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back (Hey)
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that (Hey, hey)
Timbs we off that, rims we off that (Hey, hey)
Yeah we off that, is you still on that? (Hey, hey)
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that (Hey, err)

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, err

[Song 140: Show Me What You Got]
72 ContributorsShow Me What You Got LyricsThe first single from his comeback album Kingdom Come, “Show Me What You Got” was released October 30, 2006, just under a month before the album.
The song heavily draws from Public Enemy’s “Show ‘Em Whatcha… Read More 

This is a state of emergency, bitches
What you want me to do? I'm sorry!
I'm back
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey! Uh! (Uh-huh!)
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)

Give the drummer some
Shit, I already gave the summer some
It's the winter's turn, Hovi Hov is the coldest
I'm just getting better with time, I'm like Opus One
Young, no two alike like a snowflake
Okay, show me what you got babe
Words is slurring, engine purring
Mami front, but I'm so determined
Shots of Patron, now she in the zone
I ain't talking bout the 2-3
Mami in the zone like the homie two-three
Jordan or James, makes no difference
We all ballin' the same
Nigga, I am the Mike Jordan of recordin'
Nigga, you might want to fall back from recordin'
Shit, what you write is not important
So it forced him to go for the hype
For being brave they may applaud him
But misery, I will assure them
Aww baby, just ignore them
Truth or dare, mami, listen and learn
I got a drop, I just took off the top, it's your turn

Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! (Uh!)
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby
Hands up and waves, and waves
And waves, and waves! Uh!
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)

H.O.V.A., gold bottles of that Ace of Spade
Why even fool with these other guys, they all stingy
All these dudes know how to say is gimme
Gimme some head, gimme some brain
Gimme your number, gimme your name
But if I get one night baby girl, I swear
I'll make you tell these other dudes gimme got you here
I'll take you shopping, take long trips
I'll take the cork off, you can take sips
I'll take you there, take my time
Take your clothes off, you take off mine
Ma, show me what you got
Hovi in the spot, tried to told you I was hot
Tell these other dudes it's a wrap
Get the fuck out the throne you clone, the King's back!
Y'all got less than two months to get y'all thing together
Good luck

Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady (Ow!)
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)

Ladies and gentlemen, the most incredible
H-O, uh huh
H-O, uh huh
He's back
Justin Blaze
Blazettes
Roc-A-Fella Records
Dynasty continues, y'all die
Uh huh, peace!

[Song 141: Cashmere Thoughts]
75 ContributorsCashmere Thoughts Lyrics“Cashmere Thoughts” finds Jay dropping pimp lines over a Clark Kent track that samples “Save Their Souls” by Hamilton Bohannon. Clark talked about the track in an interview with Complex:

‘Cashmere Thoughts’… Read More 
Hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah
What it is player?
(You player, it's all about you
How you gon' say that man)
If I had your hand I'd turn mine in
(Far as I'm concerned, if I had your hand, I cut mines off)
Hah man, you know man, I'm just dealing that hoe money
You know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money
(Check this out man, you run up on your bitches
This is what you tell 'em
Stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot
Stick they arm in a car window, drop it like it's hot)

Uhh, I talk jewels and spit diamonds: all cherry
Like a hymen, when I'm rhyming with remarkable timing
Caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen
Spitting venom up in the minds of young women
Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar
Might you remember, my shit is cold like December
Smoother than Persian rugs, the cashmere
Chromosomes make a nigga Jigga - Jay-Z, lethal drugs
18-carat gold pen, when it hits the sheets
Words worth a million like I'm rapping them through platinum teeth
I got the Grey Poupon, you been warned
'Cause all beef return well done filet mignon
The Don, smell of Dom on my breath as I
Yawn, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro
As if you didn't know, Jay's about getting dough
Spitting flow like fine wine down your earlobe
I'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol
Honeys hum in melody when I rub it like crystal
The proper etiquette when I drop the subject verb
Then the predicate with this rich nigga rhetoric
I'm solid gold, I rap like a mink stole
I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know
From New York to Paris, the vocal style vary
From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D, now
Notice the child swift like a Lotus
Focus on the loc', I be the greatest nigga that wrote it
Return of the Jedi from Rio De Janeiro on the red eye
Yet I still feel the need to be fly
I did die when I'm rapping then slide like satin
You know the black I white china in the brain cabinet
I never cry if I did I'd cry ice
From my nigga Sauce, I hit you with this advice
Life's short, so play hard and stick hard
And the only time you love them is when your dick hard

Whoooh! (That's cashmere baby)
Nah, you know, that's just laid back man
(Man, shit, J to the A to the Y to the Z)
Cashmere baby
(Motherfucking pimp that's what he be)
Cashmere baby
(It don't get no hotter than that baby)
Sho' yo right, sho' yo right
(Them niggas know)

Check it out, check it out
Ghetto's Errol Flynn, hot like heroin
Young pimps is sterile when I pimp through your borough and
I gotta keep your tricks intact
'Cause I walk like a pimp, talk like a mack, man
The star player, the golden bar layer
The sweet Ms. Fine Thing puh-layah, sho' yo right
I'm game tight, so why should it change tonight?
Go tell your peeps dog I'm lethal until it ain't right
I pimp hard on a trick, look
Fuck if your leg broke bitch, hop up on your good foot

[Song 142: Reminder]
77 ContributorsReminder LyricsHere Hov is reminding his detractors what he has gone through to become who he is today. His success is unmatched in the rap game, but some seem to be forgetting his stature.
In a 2011 interview with Fuse on… Read More 
All rhymers with Alzheimer's, line up please
All mamis with mind freeze, please line up please
All bloggers with comments, please, I come in peace
Let's see if we can kill your amnesia by the time I leave
All mamis I whored before'll vouch for me
Tell 'em 'bout the time on your momma's couch, mami (Ahh)
All hustlers who ever bought a eighth from me
Take this time out to set the record straight for me
'Member me? Silver bullet, hard top Ben-t-ley
They think I'm out of shape, so I have to jog they memory
Think with indelible ink, I let the pen go
Verses permanently tattooed, serve as mementos
Ugh, I'm so mental
My track record speaks for itself, I'm so instrumental
Allow me to rekindle, let's all Reminisce like Mary did
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I think I better give you a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh)

What the hell have y'all done?
To even heav-an opinion on what I've been doin'
What the hell have y'all won?
Only thing you can identify with is losing
Ten number one albums in a row, who better than me?
Only The Beatles, nobody ahead of me
I crush Elvis and his Blue Suede Shoes
Made the Rolling Stones seem sweet as Kool-Aid too
'96, '97, '98, '99
2000, 2001 and beyond
'02, '03, '04, '05
'06 and 7, '08, '09
Back-to-back, double plat', I did what you won't
Men lie, women lie, numbers don't
Ain't nothin' changed for, me 'cept the year it is
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I think I better give you a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh)

Do what I've done without cryin'
In the environment in which I did it in without dyin', my nigga
Then rap like I rap without lyin'
Then tie 'em both together like I am, my nigga
Then write sixteens in between runnin' sixteen bid'nesses
All the while showin' these young punks what the bid'ness is
As if, I'ma let you niggas style on me
As if, now everybody's senile on me
Throwbacks, I threw 'em back, remember those, button-ups?
Young Hov, tell them ordinary Joe's button up
I destroy your 4.0's
And Benz 500's it all points to oh!
Now you niggas 'member me? Tell me how could you forget
Back of Johnny's album cover, red and blue Gucci shit
Ain't nothin' changed but the year it is
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I think I better give you a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh)

[Song 143: History]
35 ContributorsTranslationsMagyarHistory LyricsA prelude to The Blueprint 3 released right after Obama’s victory; Jay explains his thoughts and encounters as he’s on his way to Victory, which he metaphorically depicts as a woman
He also has some run-ins… Read More 
Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

In search of victory, she keeps eluding me
If only we could be together momentarily
We could make love, and make history
Why won’t you visit me, until she visits me
I’ll be stuck with her sister, her name is defeat
She gives me agony, so much agony
She brings me so much pain, so much misery
Like missing your last shot and falling to your knees
As the crowd screams, for the other team
I've practiced so hard for this moment victory don’t leave
I know what this means, I’m stuck in this routine
Whole new different day, but the same old things
All I got is dreams, but nobody else could see
Nobody else believes, nobody else but me
Where are you victory? I need you desperately
Not just for the moment, to make history

Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

So now I’m flirting with death
Hustling like a G, while victory wasn’t watching
Took chances repeatedly
As a teenage boy, before acne
Before I got proactive, I couldn’t face she
I just threw on my hoodie and headed to the streets
I swear I met success, we lived together shortly
A success is like lust, she's good for the touch
She's good for the moment, but she’s never enough
Everybody’s had her, she’s nothing like V
A success is all I got, unfortunately
But I’m burning down the block, hopin' in and out of V's
But something tells me that there’s much more to see
Before I get killed, cause I can’t get robbed
So before me, success and death ménage
I gotta get lost, I gotta find V
We gotta be together to make history

Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

Now victory is mine, she tastes so sweet
She’s my trophy wife, she's coming with me
We'll have a baby who stutters repeatedly
We'll name him history, he'll repeat after me
He’s my legacy, son of my hard work
Future of my past, he’ll explain who I be
Rank me amongst the greats, either 1, 2 or 3
If I ain’t number one then I failed you victory
Ain’t in it for the fame, that dies within weeks
Ain’t in it for the money, can’t take it when you leave
I wanna be remembered long after you grieve
Long after I’m gone, long after I breathe
I leave all I am, in the hands of history
That's my last will testimony
This is much more than a song, it’s a baby shower
I’ve been waiting for this hour, history, you're ours

Now that all the smoke is gone
And the battle's finally won
Victory’s finally ours
History so loved, so long, so long, so long
Now that all the smoke is gone
And the battle's finally won
Victory’s finally ours
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

[Song 144: So Ambitious]
43 ContributorsSo Ambitious LyricsThe Blueprint 3 is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Jay-Z, released September 8, 2009, on Roc Nation. It is the final installment in The Blueprint trilogy, preceded by The Blueprint (2001) and The… Read More 
Yeah, haha, Blueprint shit
3 in the morning on the Westside highway
Top-down baby, fuck y'all
The motivation for me, it's the Blueprint baby
Is them telling me what I could not be, oh well
Hey! Uhh, yeah, hey! Ohh! Hey! Hahaha
Ay, this a special dedication, thank y'all
Hey! I wanna thank you for the fuel, no really thank you
Hey! Y'all gotta hear this shit!
Hey! Hehehe, hey!

I felt so inspired by what my teacher said
Said I'd either be dead or be a reefer head
Not sure if that's how adults should speak to kids
Especially when the only thing I did was speak in class
I'll teach his ass, even better's what my uncle did
I pop my demo tape in, start to beat my head
Peeked out my eye, see if he was beating his
He might as well say beat it, kid, he's on the list
It's like I'm searching for kicks like a sneakerhead
He gon' keep pushing me until I reach the ledge
And when I reach the ledge I'll tell 'em all to eat a dick
Take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread
Spread, spread

The motivation (Word up) for me (Fuck y'all)
Is them telling me what I could not be, oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (Hey!)
I might hit two sisters (Hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (Hey!)
No matter what the conditions (Hey!)
Forget personal issues (Hey!)
When you go what I been through (Hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (Then be)
Then you could conceive it (You see?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

I had to lace up my boots even harder
Father is too far away to father
Further-more all the kids either smoke reefer
Or either move whites, there's few writers in my cipher
So they made light of, my type of
Dreams seem dumb, they said wise up
How many guys-a, you see making it from here
The world don't like us, is that not clear? Alright, but
I'm different, I can't base what I'm gon' be
Off of what everybody isn't, they don't listen
Just whispering behind my back
No vision, lack of ambition, so wack!

The motivation (word up) for me
Is them telling me what I could not be, (Fuck off) oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (Hey!)
I might hit two sisters (Hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (Hey!)
No matter what the conditions (Hey!)
Forget personal issues (Hey!)
When you go what I been through (Hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (Then be)
Then you could conceive it (You see?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Had a couple of meetings no offers yet
Maybe I ain't good enough for these offices
Back to the drawing board ducking officers
It's all good 'cause the streets is A&R'ing this
So with or without any of your involvement
We coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate
I went from pauper to the President
'Cause every deal I ever made set precedent
Niggas probably thought I'd fall without old buddy (hehehe)
Oh buddy, what I do is make more money
Dear Teacher, you're probably somewhere near a speaker
I'm balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers
Fuck y'all

The motivation (word up) for me
Is them telling me what I could not be, oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (Hey!)
I might hit two sisters (Hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (Hey!)
No matter what the conditions (Hey!)
Forget personal issues (Hey!)
When you go what I been through (Hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (Then be)
Then you could conceive it (You see?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

You see, the motivation for me
Was them telling me what I could not be

[Song 145: Do It Again (Put Ya Hands Up)]
58 ContributorsDo It Again (Put Ya Hands Up) LyricsThis intentional club banger off of Vol 3… Life and Times of S. Carter features then Roc-A-Fella signees Beanie Sigel and Amil. The music video for this song is also the origin of this reaction GIF:
Roc-A-Fella
Y'all know what this is
We giving y'all five seconds to put your drink down and report to the dance floor immediately
All the busters: we giving y'all five seconds to get close to a exit
It's about to get real ugly in here
Five seconds is up
Let's go!

(Throw they hands up) Ugh, ugh, ugh
(Throw they hands up) Niggas
(Throw they hands up) Bitches
(Throw they hands up) Busters
(Throw they hands up) Hustlers
(Throw they hands up) Hoes
(Throw they hands up) Boasters
(Throw they hands up) Mack!

You know how Mack come through on the club tip
E'erybody real deep on that thug shit (Uh-huh)
Cop Cris', spray the club, on that thug shit (Uh-huh)
Cop frisks suits, snub in the club quick (Uh-huh)
Told y'all real high (When I come through) (Ugh, ugh)
You can try (If you want to)
You can die (If you want to)
We hitting whores on the floor, whole crew be wild (Yeah)
Bitch, "back that ass up," like Juvenile (Huh)
When my peeps come to spend, a dime apiece (Uh-huh) (Ugh)
You know Mack come through with a line of freaks (Ugh)
Every bitch on the hip be a nine at least (Uh-huh)
We gettin' head on the floor, while you grindin' freaks
Whole squad get it down like this (Ugh)
Whole squad buyin' rounds of Cris' (Hands up, hands)
Whole squad got they crowns on wrist
Whole squad got a pound to twist (Ugh)
Whole squad got a pound to spit
'Case a clown wanna flip (Buck, buck, buck)
Mack never slip in the club (Yeah)
Told y'all niggas, four-fif' in the club (Buck)
If a nigga wanna draw (Ugh), then, the blood, it can drip in the club (Yeah)
You know how niggas get in the club (Huh)
Shit you know how I be, all high in V-I-P
Rollin' up to B.I.G. ("Baby!")
Niggas be all liquored up, talkin' shit
'Til they man gotta come and pick 'em up (Uh-huh)
Got bitches in the back, bouncing to "Jigga What"
You got your hands up and I ain't even stick y'all up

E'erybody, get it up (Throw they hands up)
E'erybody, get it up (Throw they hands up)

12 a.m., on my way to the club (Ugh)
1 a.m., DJ made it erupt (Throw they hands up, Uh-huh)
2 a.m., now I'm gettin' with her (Throw they hands up, What up?)
3 a.m., now I'm splittin' with her (Splittin' with who?)
4 a.m., at the Waffle House (Throw they hands up, Waffle House)
5 a.m., now we at my house (Throw they hands up, Ugh)
6 a.m., I be diggin' her out (Throw they hands up, Yeah)
6:15, I be kickin' her out (What?!)
7 a.m., I'ma call my friends (Throw they hands up, Uh-huh)
12 a.m., we gon' do it again (Throw they hands up, Ugh)
We gon', we gon', (By the way...) we gon' do it again, let's go (Yo...)

How the fuck you gon' talk about emcees on our heel?
When we just cop them things, homie, the chrome-y wheels
Both arms is chunky, the sleeves on chill
Any given time's, a hundred G's in your grill
Don't talk to me 'bout emcees got skills
He's all right, but he's not real,
Jay-Z's that deal, with Sigs in the field
Love affair for war—hug, squeeze that steel
Fuck—you got a flow? That's cool with me
You got a little dough? That's cool with me
You got a little cars, little jewelries
But none of y'all muh'fuckers could fool with me
You know the wrist frostbit minus two degrees
'Bout as blue as the sea, the way I maneuver the V
Hat cocked, can't see his eyes—who could it be?
With that new, blue Yankee on—who but me?
Niggas shipped two million, then I blew the three
Then I skated the four 'fore I went on tour
I came back and it's plain: y'all niggas ain't rappin' the same
Fuck the flow—y'all jackin' our slang
I seen the same shit happen to Kane
Three cuts in your eyebrows, tryna wild out
The game is ours—we'll never foul out
Y'all just better hope we gracefully bow out
Throw your hands up—niggas, bitches, busters
Hustlers, fuck that! (Throw they hands up) C'mon!

12 a.m., on the way to the club (Throw they hands up,Uh huh)
1 a.m., 'bout to shake the butt (Throw they hands up, Ugh, shake some butt)
2 a.m., now I'm checkin' the mink (Right here, bitch...)
3 a.m., now he buyin' me drinks (What she drinkin' on?)
4 a.m., exit the club (Throw they hands up, Let's go)
5 a.m., think he gettin' some butt (Throw they hands up, That's right)
6 a.m., nigga still ain't bust (What?!)
6:15, "nigga, we'll get up" (I'm out) (Throw they hands up, Ugh)
7 a.m. gotta tell my friends (Throw they hands up, Uh-huh)
12 a.m., I'ma do it again
Ugh, ugh, I'ma do it again
12 a.m., I'ma (We gon') do it again

Uh-huh-ugh, ugh, ugh (Throw they hands up)
Let's go
12 a.m., on my way to the club
1 a.m., DJ made it erupt
2 a.m., now I'm gettin' with her
3 a.m., now I'm splittin' with her
4 a.m., at the Waffle House
5 a.m., now we at my house
6 a.m., I be diggin' her out
6:15, I be kickin' her out
7 a.m., I'ma call my friends
12 a.m., we gon' do it again
We gon', we gon' (Uh-huh, uh-huh-ugh)
We gon' do it again
Let's go

Throw they hands up

[Song 146: Reservoir Dogs]
76 ContributorsReservoir Dogs LyricsReservoir Dogs is the eleventh track on Jay Z’s Vol.2… Hard Knock Life album. It features Sheek Louch, The Lox, Sauce Money, Jadakiss, Beanie Sigel and Styles P
Fuck! Shit is real right here
Roc-A-Fella, LOX
Takin' the streets over, motherfuckers
Don't get it twisted

Yo, ayo, ayo, ayo
Yo, shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass
With no mask, look at the camera like what?
Yeah, I did it, like them sick white boys the court committed
To the death of me, I spaz like I'm on Ecstasy
Drop a hundred bars for real like I'm lookin' for a deal
If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is? I'm worse than them African kids
I ain't straight 'til my numbers match the Motorola bids
And walk the streets up in NY like I don't fuckin' care
If I ain't strapped, that means I took 'em off my Nike Airs
Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children
But wanna ride mine like bitches when I walk up in the building
'Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores
Jet-skiin', while you keep warm at corner stores
I make it hot, floodin' your block the best way
Professionall-ay, they'll find poison in your X-Ray
As I get roasted, lookin' at Biggie posted on my wall
Takin' shots of Louie 'til I fall
Nothin' to lose, just load the clip up in the groove
And kick rhymes to the poster, 'til I swear Big moved
My team, you would think was on Thorazine
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's costin'

Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down
Make niggas lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now
Beanie Mack, I supply it now
My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats
Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps
Bag enough coke to last a few weeks
In case niggas wanna test — vest and a few heats
You really wanna test my name? And test my game?
Until you have me, test my aim?
Y'all niggas nuts, like testicles
Hit you up in your apartment building vestibule
Perhaps it's best for you to keep on walkin'
Heat from the Larkin keep on sparkin'
Platinum prezzie, Bezzie stay sparklin'
Cop off the lot, never see me at the auction
Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin'
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin
Not tryna meet the Sergeant at the precinct
Eatin' cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend
Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans

Now, if I kill you I probably do ten in the box
Come down on appeal, then I'm killin' your pops
Feelin' The LOX? Nigga, why you grillin' The LOX?
If this rap shit don't work, niggas still in the spot
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family
Gangsters don't die, they get chubby and move to Miami
Shit is deep now, dawg, but it gets deeper
Fuck it! The weather's nice, and the price is much cheaper
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it
I put it in a bag, you gon' try it
Y'all niggas can't deny it!
Lot of cats still tryna study my last bounce
Tell you what — get a beat tape and a half ounce
They got me where I can't be without my large gat
Teflon long sleeve and my hardhat
Don't matter if I'm openin' up or headline
Doin' the speed limit or pushin' red lines
Six months in the county or Fed time
I'ma be the 'Kiss, nigga, until it's bedtime
Anythin' I'm on is a classic
Any nigga ever had beef with? Son is a bastard
Anytime I spit, spit acid
L-O-X, Ruff Ryder — you heard? We got the game mastered

I told you the pain was coming
You wouldn't listen
You tried to play me like a joke?
Now who got the last laugh?
Now take these bullets with you to hell

You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit
So many niggas on my nuts, I thought I lost my dick
Picture me fallin' off, I'm camera shy
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die
What's the difference? Either way, I'm sonnin' your crew
I fuck to win, y'all niggas comin' to lose
Somethin' to prove? Spit it, we can have a spray off
I lay off wack niggas and kill 'em on my day off
Ain't nothin' for me to bust a trey off
Murder the whole month of April, nigga, just to take May off
Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews
Now I concentrate on your camp like Jews
Flow hot like a heatwave, bitch
Whips phatter than them shits they beat slaves with
I'm a mill-stackin' nigga who pull quick
Still packin' for you Phil Jackson niggas on that bullshit!

I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car
I don't care about your block and whoever you shot
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop
I don't care about your past, if I did I woulda asked
I'm too busy lightin' 'dro with a whole lotta hash
Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggas
Shootin' backwards just for practice
Ride or die, nigga, hoppin' in your casket
'Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you
Tell the whole world I'm spittin', let 'em know the shells hit you
I tell niggas quick — suck dick and get a Glock
My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock
I'm half-past-seven, bust six then eleven
You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me
I Ruff Ryde and pop a fella for Roc-A-Fella
Screamin' (What the fuck?), spendin' mozzarella

I know, pop, you can't stand us 'cause we cock them hammers
Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta
Crossed up in a drop, I popped up the antenna
Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like Scanners
Like raindrops, you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon
Big bang, big chains, ain't shit changed
Get brain in the four-dot-six Range
Shit, mayne, switch lanes
Every town I hit, switch planes
Bitch, flip big 'caine
Flow with no cut, you take it in vein to the brain
Muh'fuckas is noddin' and throwin' up
You know that you don't wanna owe that man
He'll hit ya, get the picture? Kodak, man
Got a love for war, I don't floss no more
I just sit on my money 'til I'm above the law
How the fuck you gon' stop us with your measly asses?
We don't stop at the tolls, we got E-ZPasses, nigga
Multiple cars and divas with D-Classes
Iceberg sweats with I.B. on the elastic

Shit.. BIATCH!
What the fuck, ya heard me? Hahahaha
Put some more beat on that joint!

[Song 147: The Prelude]
70 ContributorsThe Prelude LyricsThe first track on his comeback album, “The Prelude” is designed to address the areas Jay thinks have been lacking in rap music since his departure.
It carries on his tradition of strong, introspective… Read More 
You know, you've got this fantasy in yo' head about
Gettin' out of the life and setting the corporate world on its ear
What the fuck you gonna do except hustle?
Besides pimpin', you really ain't got the stomach for that

The game's fucked up, nigga's beats is bangin', nigga, your hooks did it
Your lyrics didn't—your gangsta look did it
So I would write it if y'all could get it
Bein' intricate'll get you wood, critic
On the internet, they like, "You should spit it"
I'm like, "You should buy it, nigga, that's good business" Haha
Forget this rap shit, I need a new hustle
A little bit of everything, the new, improved Russell
I say that reluctantly, 'cause I do struggle
As you see, I can't leave, so I do love you
But I'm just a hustler disguised as a rapper
In fact, you can't fit this hustle inside of a wrapper
Back when crack was what these pills are
I was a real star
Complete with real cars, no video ones
You can come and set up a camera, let the video run
And my real life complete with real ice
VVS boulders all invisibly set
Head and shoulders, my invisible neck
You see, Hova wasn't digital yet
Before Steve Jobs made the iPod
Was getting head jobs, we call that "interneck"
Back when rappers wouldn't dare play lyrical roulette
With a automatic weapon I was rappin' with a TEC
Fresh like Mannie be, chain like anti-freeze
Shoebox full of cash, dealer-man hand me keys
Pantries full of Arm & Hammer
Don't take Nancy Drew to see what it do, I'm a damn G (Ugh)
Just sent a million dollars through a hands-free
That's big money talk—can you answer me?
Before the answer was a three
I was down in Georgetown with a Hoya chick, lawyer chick
Sure, he's rich now 'cause he saw the shit, all this shit
That's why they call him Hov, 'cause he came before all this shit
Bought a six, quarter seven, skipped on them quarter eights
Bought a nine for nonstop Glock work all the time (Woo!)
Guess who's back
Since this is a New Era, got a fresh, new hat
Ten-year veteran, I've been set
I've been through with this bullshit game, but I never can
I used to think rappin' at 38 was ill
But last year alone, I grossed 38 mil'
I know I ain't quite 38, but still
The flow so special, got a 38 feel
The real is back
Hahahaha

[Song 148: Hello Brooklyn 2.0]
61 ContributorsHello Brooklyn 2.0 Lyrics“Hello Brooklyn” is the fourth track on Jay Z’s 2007 album American Gangster. It contains a sample from “B-Boy Bouillabaisse,” part of the suite that closed out Beastie Boys album Paul’s Boutique. It is… Read More 
Hello!
Brooklyn!

Hello, Brooklyn (Uh-huh), how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too? (Uh-huh)
And If I can (Woo!), I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Cars), and drive me crazy (So crazy)
Wherever you going (Where you going?), baby girl, just take me (Uh-huh)
'Cause I'm so taken, if you taken (I'm so taken)
I'm just saying (Woo!), baby, I'm just saying

Like a mama, you birth me; Brooklyn, you nursed me
Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley
They said you'd murk me by the time I was 21
That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
Hello, Brooklyn, if we had a daughter
Guess what I'ma call her? Brooklyn Carter
When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend you
'Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner
And I'm eating, so much, I bought extra
So much so that dinner's now turned into breakfast
I only roll Lexus to hug your road
I love your corners, I'm half your soul

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing?
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady and have my baby
And drive my cars, and drive me crazy
Wherever you going, baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying

Hello, Brooklyn, what's your story?
She said she eating on the run, but she ain't Nore'
She said she got a man but he ain't worried
But baby, I'ma have to rob him like Horry
She said she love B.I.G., and she like 2Pac
And when I said Jay-Z, she say, "It's the Roc!"
And I'ma leave it like this—like this, like that
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Have you seen her?
And when she tell you something, you better believe her
She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor
And so, I said, "Goodbye, Katrina"

And "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby, you are
The sweetest sight eyes could see
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby
I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-buh-baby, you are (Woo!)
So damn fine to me
And I remember the time (Time), place (Place)
And the weather (And, woo!)
On the day you said, "Hi," to me
And I say, "Hello, Brooklyn!"

Brooklyn, you crazy; look how you made me
Razor blades in my mouth, walking 'round, behaving—
All demented; black hoodies and Timberland-ed
Always scheming—"You see the gleam on that nigga's pendant?"
(Hello, Brooklyn) You bad influence, look what you had me doing
But I ain't mad at you (Haha), look at my attitude
It says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
Baby, I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville
But my Bed's in the Stuy, though I'll lie flat in your bush
'Til we smoke a C.I., "What up" to the boy, B.I.?
You know I handle B-I, I don't half-step on the 'caine
Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan 'so?
She like it hardcore, so I grind slow
Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0
My fine ho, we got some victims to catch
So in a couple years, baby, I'ma bring you some Nets (Woo!)

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Errr!), and drive me crazy (Errr!)
Wherever you goin' baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying (Yeah)

And hello, Brooklyn, buh-buh-baby, you are
The sweetest thing eyes could see
Hello, Brooklyn
Baby, I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn," buh-baby you are
So damn fine to me
But I remember the time, place, and the weather
On the day she said hi to me
And I said, "Hello, Brooklyn"

[Song 149: Lucky Me]
57 ContributorsLucky Me LyricsIn People magazine’s “Four Albums That Changed My Life,” Lil Wayne named Jay-Z’s In My Lifetime, Vol. 1. He said of the album, “‘Lucky Me’ is my favorite song. Wayne revealed, “I actually have ‘Lucky Me’… Read More 
How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in?
There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong, nah'mean?
How can a muh'fucka go round and hate a nigga
He never even met that, he don't even know and shit?
I think this rap shit is all beef

Y'all don't even know, every day I'm living with stress
Got up out the streets, you think a nigga could rest
Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless
I'm on the dance floor, hot ass vest (Uh)
You think I'm freaking these chicks, right? Try not to brush against they chest
You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped
Swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
You could try me, fucka, but when I squeeze it hurts
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mines
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, dripping tears on my sleeve
Told the judge, "Didn't budge, it was him or me."
And I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged
Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God
And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars, lucky me

You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me

I hate all girls with ulterior motives
That's why I'm 20 plus years old, no sons, no daughters
Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters
Hear the hate in my voice, right? I hate that you noticed
Niggas wanna strip you to the bone for shit you own
Hate a nigga like that, faggot, get your own
Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome
Knowing one day I'ma have to flip, c'mon
You know the shit don't stop 'til the Cris' don't pop
And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock
I'm trapped, the whole world's against me in fact
But ain't no turning back, bring it on
Hate the price of fame 'cause it cost too much
Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much?
Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us
Steady looking for flaws through us, lucky me

You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
Since I was four years old
I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
And now that I've arrived
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold

And niggas see you in the street, pretend to be friendly
But I know any type of success breeds envy (That's right)
I know in the back of your mind you're conjuring ways to hem me
Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny
But G's is heaven-bound, so how I'm gon' receive
Anything y'all pour to the ground? Next time, throw it up
And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife, I show it up
Don't grieve for me, my art remains like a dart
From the speaker to your heart
Spiritually through the portal, now my words is immortal
Don't plan to leave without a fight, I plant a seed I give life
Though I can't see past the girl's greed to call her wife
Next time you're thinking heist, better be precise
'Cause I'm fully prepared, one of us is gon' leave here
I have no regrets even though I won't see grow
My godson Boogie, Sonny and Remo, lucky me

You only know what you see
I been told, since I was four years old
Everything that glitters ain't gold
And now that I've arrived
You don't understand what it takes to be me
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
Since I was four years old
You only know what you see
I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold
And now that I've arrived
You don't understand what it takes to be me
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me

[Song 150: Party Life]
60 ContributorsParty Life LyricsPuff and co sample Little Beaver’s “Get Into The Party Life” from 1974. The song is transported virtually unchanged from the original, with Jay taking a break from his existential musings on drug dealing to… Read More 
Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I like the party life! (Break out the red lights)
(Welcome to the party life)
The big city in bright light (Welcome to the 70's)
The pretty girl dressed in the skintight (Sweeeet)

Ordered some Patreezy, while talking to this breezy
Brushing off my three-piece, I make this look too easy
So tall and lanky, my suit, it should thank me
I make it look good to be this hood – Meyer Lansky
Mixed with Lucky Lefty, gangster effortlessly
Papa was a rolling stone, it's in my an-ces-try
I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggas never catch me
And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

Hahahah... baby, I said "I-I sport, fly shit, I should win the ESPY"
I'm really in another league, babe
I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me

I'm on the bra strap, she's on my dick
Ain't nothing wrong with that, that's my biiitch!
I be the boss of that, I'm on her shit
So all you niggas fall back, I'll split ya wiiig
She's my little quarterback, ya dig?
'Cause I'm all that in the sack, yeah, ya dig?
I spoiled her, foiled it if you faking Jack
She's used to million dollar vacations
Fuck y'all gon' do with that?

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Get into the party life
Aye, baby, see?
When you're used to filet mignon
It's kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper
It's your choice though, baby
Head into the party life

(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Yeah, baby, is you rolling?
Head into the party life
You can stall out or ball out
(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Make a choice
(​​​​​​​​Heading, heading to the party life)
It's so gangster, baby

Sipping on my vino got me cooler than Pacino
And De Niro put together, my real life is like 'Casino'
They should pay me for some B-roll
Taking G-strolls through the ghee-tto
When rap-pap-pap-pid fire's just a necessary evil
Hola Ho-vi-to, cooler than ze-ro
Be-low, fresh – one blade, no chemo
Art with no easel – please, it's no equal
Your boy's 'Off the Wall', these other niggas is Tito

Ohhh... I like the party life!
The city in bright lights
Little girls dressed in the skintight

Damn! Aye, baby, I said I'm
"I'm 'Off the Wall' – I'm like a young Michael Jackson
These other niggas is Tito"
Shout out to Randy, heh heh heh
Real talk!

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

I'ma just let this ride out
I might let it ride out for like seven minutes
You can groove to it, whatever
Get your two-step - AOWWW!
Guru, turn the lights down
Let's keep it smooth
This that shit you roll up, like a lil' tight J to
Sip your lil' wine, whatever your vice is, y'know
Whatever you like to do
Get into your comfort zone, baby, get into yo' comfort zone

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

Head into the party life
I don't even want it to stop though, f'real though

Step into my bedroom, I–call it the red room
'Cau-'cause it gets hot hot hot hot... I trust you gon' like it
See, why are we talking all this fly shit?
'Cau-cau-cau-cau-cau-'cause I'm the flyest
Hovito, baby – no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now I'm leg-al, ba-by
Hovito, baby – no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now can we go crazy?

When you're blue, and got nothin to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life
You know, nothing in the world makes me sadder
Than to see a lonely person