[Song 1: Stairway to Heaven]
285 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolFrançaisDeutschPortuguêsStairway to Heaven Lyrics“Stairway to Heaven” is one of Led Zeppelin’s most famous recordings, with many considering it the greatest rock song of all time. It tells the story of a greedy woman who is overly optimistic about her… Read More 

There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to Heaven
When she gets there, she knows if the stores are all closed
With a word, she can get what she came for
Ooh, and she's buying a stairway to Heaven

There's a sign on the wall, but she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven

Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, makes me wonder

There's a feeling I get when I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts, I have seen rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking

Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, really makes me wonder

And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter

Oh-oh-oh-oh-woah-ho

If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on

And it makes me wonder
Ohh, oh-oh

Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know
The piper's calling you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow?
And did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind? Oh


And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
When all are one, and one is all, yeah
To be a rock and not to roll

And she's buying a stairway to Heaven

[Song 2: Immigrant Song]
103 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschImmigrant Song LyricsOne of the band’s most iconic releases, “Immigrant Song” likens the band’s trip to Iceland to Norse warriors setting out to colonize America. It’s a short and pumping rocking tune down to the opening riff and… Read More ​
(Two, three, four)

Ah
Ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

The hammer of the gods
Will drive our ships to new lands
To fight the horde and sing and cry
Valhalla, I am coming

On we sweep with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore

Ah
Ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

How soft your fields so green
Can whisper tales of gore
Of how we calmed the tides of war
We are your overlords

On we sweep with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore

So now you'd better stop
And rebuild all your ruins
For peace and trust can win the day
Despite of all your losing

Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh

[Song 3: Going to California]
95 ContributorsGoing to California LyricsA hauntingly beautiful acoustic tune released on the legendary untitled Led Zeppelin IV, the song tells the story of a man who has left his unkind woman and is off to California with dreams and hopes of… Read More 
Spent my days with a woman unkind
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine
Made up my mind to make a new start
Going to California with an achin' in my heart
Someone told me there's a girl out there
With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair

Took my chances on a big jet plane
Never let 'em tell you that they're all the same
Oh, the sea was red and the sky was grey
Wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today
The mountains and the canyons start to tremble and shake
The children of the sun begin to awake (Watch out)
Seems that the wrath of the gods
Got a punch on the nose and it's startin' to flow
I think I might be sinkin'
Throw me a line, if I reach it in time
I'll meet you up there
Where the path runs straight and high

To find a queen without a king
They say she plays guitar and cries and sings, "La la la la"
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born
Standin' on a hill in my mountain of dreams
Tellin' myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems (Mm, ah)

Ah, ah, ah, ah

[Song 4: Kashmir]
105 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschKashmir Lyrics“Kashmir,” one of Led Zeppelin’s signature songs, was written after LZ’s 1973 tour, about a drive through an area of Morocco. As documented by Wikipedia, Robert Plant told music journalist Cameron Crowe:
The… Read More 

Oh, let the sun beat down upon my face
With stars to fill my dreams
I am a traveler of both time and space
To be where I have been
Sit with elders of a gentle race
This world has seldom seen
Talk of days for which they sit and wait
All will be revealed

Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace
Whose sounds caress my ear
But not a word I heard could I relate
The story was quite clear
Oh, oh
Oh, oh

Ooooh
Oh, baby, I been flying
No, yeah, mama, there ain't no denying
Oh, ooh, yeah, I've been flying
Mama, mama, ain't no denying, no denying

Oh, all I see turns to brown
As the sun burns the ground
And my eyes fill with sand
As I scan this wasted land
Trying to find, trying to find, where I've been

Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace
Like thoughts inside a dream
Here is the path that led me to that place
Yellow desert stream
My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon
I will return again
Sure as the dust that floats high in June
When movin' through Kashmir

Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails
Across the sea of years
With no provision but an open face
Along the straits of fear
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Ooh

Ooooh

Oh, when I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah
When I see, when I see the way you stay, yeah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down, yeah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, but I'm down, so down
Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there
Oh, oh, come on, come on
Oh, let me take you there, let me take you there
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah
Let me take you there, let me take you there

[Song 5: Whole Lotta Love]
93 ContributorsWhole Lotta Love Lyrics“Whole Lotta Love” is Led Zeppelin’s most sexually explicit song — “love” can be replaced by both “sex” and “penis” in different sections. The track  was largely inspired by Willie Dixon’s blues track “You… Read More 
Aha

You need coolin'
Baby, I'm not foolin'
I'm gonna send ya
Back to schoolin'
Way down inside
Honey, you need it
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love

Oh, wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love

You've been learnin'
Baby, I been learnin'
All the good times
Baby, baby, I've been yearning
Way, way down inside
Uh, honey, you need it
I'm gonna give you my love, uh
I'm gonna give you my love, uh

Oh, whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love


Ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah (No, no, no, no)
Ah
Love
Love



You've been coolin'
Baby, I've been droolin'
All the good times
Baby, I've been misusin'
Way, way down inside
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you every inch of my love
I'm gonna give you my love (Oh)
Yeah, alright, let's go (Ah)

Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love

Way down inside
Woman
You need
Love

My, my, my, my
My, my, my, my, oh
Shake for me, girl
I wanna be your backdoor man
Hey, oh
Hey, oh
Hey, oh
Ooh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Ooh, my, my baby
Keep it coolin', baby
I Keep it coolin', baby
I Keep it coolin', baby
I keep it coolin', baby
Ah, ah-oh

[Song 6: Black Dog]
91 ContributorsBlack Dog Lyrics“Black Dog,” named after a Labrador dog that wandered around the studio while Led Zeppelin was recording, sees Robert Plant lamenting about a failed relationship with a gold digger.
Although the title was… Read More 

Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove
Ah, ah, child, way you shake that thing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting
Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way
Watch your honey drip, can't keep away

Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Ah, ah, ah
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Ah, ah, ah

I gotta roll, can't stand still
Got a flaming heart, can't get my fill
Eyes that shine burning red
Dreams of you all through my head

Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah

Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby
Darling, can't you do me now?
Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby
Move me while you do me now

Take too long 'fore I found out
What people mean by down and out
Spent my money, took my car
Started telling her friend she gonna be a star
I don't know, but I've been told
A big-legged woman ain't got no soul

Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Ah, ah, ah
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Ah, ah, ah

All I ask for, all I pray
Steady-rollin' woman gonna come my way
Need a woman gonna hold my hand
Won't tell me no lies, make me a happy man

Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah

Ah
Ooh, ooh-wah, yeah, oh, yeah, gotta move
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Gotta move you, now, babe, babe, move, you move, yeah
Push, push, babe, push, babe, push, babe
Push it, now, push, baby, push, baby, push, move, move
Ooh, yeah, ooh, move
Well, done
I'm gonna get ya groovin', now, gonna get ya groovin', now

[Song 7: All My Love]
44 ContributorsAll My Love LyricsRobert Plant wrote this song for his son who died while he was on tour. It’s one of the three songs Robert Plant dedicated to his son’s memory. The other two are “Blue Train” and “I Believe”. Neither of them… Read More 

Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light
To chase a feather in the wind
Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight
There moves a thread that has no end

For many hours and days that pass ever soon
The tides have caused the flame to dim
At last, the arm is straight, the hand to the loom
Is this to end or just begin?

All of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love to you, now
All of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love to you, now

The cup is raised, the toast is made yet again
One voice is clear above the din
Proud Aryan, one word, my will to sustain
For me, the cloth once more to spin

Oh, all of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love for you, now
All of my love, all of my love, yes
All of my love to you, child


Yours is the cloth, mine is the hand that sews time
His is the force that lies within
Ours is the fire, all the warmth we can find
He is a feather in the wind

Oh, all of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love to you, now
All of my love, oh-ooh-oh, yes
All of my love to you, now
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love, love
Sometimes, sometimes
Sometimes, sometimes
Hey-hey, hey, ey
Hey-hey-hey
Ooh, yeah
It's all, all, all, all
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you, now
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to, to you, and you, to you, yeah
I get a little bit lonely
Just a little
Just a little
Just a little bit lonely
Just a little bit lonely, hey-hey, hey, hey-hey, hey, hey-hey, hey, hey

[Song 8: Ramble On]
61 ContributorsRamble On Lyrics“Ramble On” likens the life journey that the band members were on to find “the one” to the journey taken by Frodo and Sam in the Lord of the Rings franchise to find and destroy the One Ring. In both cases… Read More 
The leaves are falling all around, time I was on my way
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay
But now it's time for me to go, the autumn moon lights my way
For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way
Ah, sometimes I grow so tired
But I know I've got one thing I got to do

Ramble on, and now's the time, the time is now
To sing my song, I'm going 'round the world, I gotta find my girl
On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day
Ramble on, gotta find the queen of all my dreams

Got no time to for spreading roots
The time has come to be gone
And though "Our health" we drank a thousand times
It's time to ramble on

Ramble on, and now the time, the time is now
To sing my song, I'm going 'round the world, I gotta find my girl
On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day
I gotta ramble on, I gotta find the queen of all my dreams

I tell you no lie

Mine's a tale that can't be told, my freedom I hold dear
How years ago in days of old, when magic filled the air
'Twas in the darkest depths of Mordor, I met a girl so fair
But Gollum and the Evil One crept up and slipped away with her
Her, her, yeah
Ah, there's nothing I can do now
I guess I'll keep on

Ramblin', I'm gonna shake (Sing my song)
I gotta find my baby
I'm gonna ramble on, sing my song
Gonna work my way, going 'round the world
Baby, baby (Ramble on)
Do do do do do do do do, my baby
I can't stop this feeling in my heart
Every time I think about my baby I think, "We gots to part"
Gotta keep on searching for my baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
I gotta keep on searching for my baby
My, my, my, my, my, my, baby
I can't find my bluebird!
I listened to what my bluebird said, but I, I can't find my bluebird!
I keep rambling, baby

[Song 9: When the Levee Breaks]
69 ContributorsWhen the Levee Breaks LyricsThis track is a rework of the 1929 song “When the Levee Breaks,” a blues tune by the couple Kansas Joe McCoy and Memphis Minnie. It was written about the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927, the most destructive… Read More 

If it keeps on raining, levee's going to break
If it keeps on raining, the levee's going to break
When the levee breaks, have no place to stay

Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan, oh
Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
It's got what it takes to make a monkey man leave his home
Oh well, oh well, oh well, ooh

Oh, don't it make you feel bad
When you're trying to find your way home
You don't know which way to go
If you're going down south
They got no work to do
If you're going north to Chicago
Ah, ah, ah, hey


Crying won't help you, praying won't do you no good
No, crying won't help you, praying won't do you no good
When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move, ooh

All last night I sat on the levee and moaned
All last night, sat on the levee and moaned
Thinking about my baby and my happy home
Oh-ho

Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah
Oh, oh

Going
I'm going to Chicago
Going to Chicago
Sorry, but I can't take you, ah
Going down, going down now
Going down, I'm going down now
Going down, going down
Going down, going down
Oh...
Going down, going down now
Going down, going down now
Going down, going down now
Going down, going, dow- dow- dow- dow- down, now
Ooh, ooh

[Song 10: Dazed and Confused]
57 ContributorsDazed and Confused Lyrics“Dazed and Confused” is a rework of a song from Jimmy Page’s earlier band, Yardbirds, which is in turn a rework of a track by Jake Holmes. Holmes eventually sued Led Zeppelin for ownership of the song, and… Read More 
Been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Lots of people talk and few of them know
Soul of a woman was created below, yeah

You hurt and abuse, telling all of your lies
Run 'round, sweet baby, Lord, how they hypnotize
Sweet little baby, I don't know where you've been
Gonna love you, baby, here I come again

Every day I work so hard, bringing home my hard-earned pay
Try to love you, baby, but you push me away
Don't know where you're going, only know just where you've been
Sweet little baby, I want you again

Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

Oh, yeah!
Alright, alright

Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah
Ah, ah
Oh, don't leave me so confused, yeah
Oh, don't leave me so confused, no
Oh, baby

Been dazed and confused for so long it's not true
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Take it easy, baby, let them say what they will
Tongue wag so much when I send you the bill
Oh, yeah, alright

Oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah

[Song 11: Thank You]
41 ContributorsThank You Lyrics
If the sun refused to shine
I would still be loving you
When mountains crumble to the sea
There will still be you and me

Kind woman, I give you my all
Kind woman, nothing more

Little drops of rain whisper of the pain
Tears of loves lost in the days gone by
My love is strong
With you there is no wrong
Together we shall go until we die, my, my, my
An inspiration is what you are to me
Inspiration - look, see


And so today, my world, it smiles
Your hand in mine, we walk the miles
And thanks to you it will be done
For you to me are the only one
All right, yeah
Happiness, no more be sad
Happiness - I'm glad

If the sun refused to shine
I would still be loving you
When mountains crumble to the sea
There will still be you and me

[Song 12: The Battle of Evermore]
64 ContributorsThe Battle of Evermore LyricsAn epic, Celtic folk saga relating a mythological struggle between good and evil, this song is notable within the Led Zeppelin catalogue for several reasons.
It’s the only track the band recorded with a… Read More 
The Queen of Light took her bow
And then she turned to go
The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom
And walked the night alone
Oh, dance in the dark of night
Sing to the morning light
The dark Lord rides in force tonight
And time will tell us all
Oh, throw down your plow and hoe
Rest not to lock your homes
Side by side we wait the might of the darkest of them all
Oh-oh

I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley below
I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon
Waiting for the eastern glow

The apples of the valley hold the seeds of happiness
The ground is rich from tender care
Repay, do not forget, no, no
Dance in the dark of night
Sing to the morning light
The apples turn to brown and black
The tyrant's face is red
Oh, war is the common cry
Pick up your swords and fly
The sky is filled with good and bad
Mortals never know, oh

Oh, well, the night is long, the beads of time pass slow
Tired eyes on the sunrise
Waiting for the eastern glow

The pain of war cannot exceed
The woe of aftermath
The drums will shake the castle wall
The ring wraiths ride in black, ride on
Sing as you raise your bow (ride on)
Shoot straighter than before
No comfort has the fire at night
That lights the face so cold
Oh, dance in the dark of night
Sing to the morning light
The magic runes are writ in gold
To bring the balance back
Bring it back

At last the sun is shining
The clouds of blue roll by
With flames from the dragon of darkness
The sunlight blinds his eyes
Ah
Ah

Bring it back, bring it back
Bring it back, bring it back
Bring it back, bring it back
Bring it back, bring it back
Oh, now, oh, now, oh, now, oh
Oh, now, oh, now, oh, now
Bring it back, bring it back
Bring it back, bring it back
Ooh, now, oh, now, oh, now, oh
Oh, now, oh, now, oh, now
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it

[Song 13: Babe I’m Gonna Leave You]
47 ContributorsBabe I’m Gonna Leave You Lyrics“Babe I’m Gonna Leave You” illustrates the breakdown of a relationship over a mellow backing track. It was originally written by folk singer Anne Bredon and recorded by Joan Baez, of whom both guitarist Jimmy… Read More 
Babe, baby, baby, I'm gonna leave you
I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you
I'll leave you when the summertime
Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin'
Leave you when the summer comes along
Babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, baby
Baby, I wanna leave you
I ain't joking' woman, I've got to ramble
Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I believin'
We really got to ramble (I can hear it callin' me)
I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do
I can hear it callin' me back home
Oh, babe, I'm gonna leave you
Oh, baby, you know
I've really got to leave you
Oh, I can hear it callin' me
I said don't you hear it callin' me the way it used to do?
Ooohh

I know, I know, I know I never, never, never, never, never
Gonna leave you, babe
But I got to go away from this place
I've got to quit you, yeah
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Oh, don't you hear it callin' me?
Woman, woman, I know, I know
It feels good to have you back again
And I know that one day, baby
It's gonna really grow, yes it is
We gonna go walkin' through the park
Every day
Come what may, every day, oh
My, my, my, my, my, my babe
I'm gonna leave you, go away

Oh, I miss you, baby
It was really, really good
You made me happy every single day
But now, I've got to go away
Ooh, oh, oh

Baby, baby, baby
That's when it's callin' me
I said that's when it's callin' me
Back home

[Song 14: Since I’ve Been Loving You]
61 ContributorsSince I’ve Been Loving You Lyrics“Since I’ve Been Loving You” likens a strenuous relationship to the stresses a traditional job. It greatly exemplifies the talents of the band, displaying Robert Plant’s incredible range and showcasing a… Read More 
Oh!

Working from seven
To eleven every night
Really makes life a drag
I don't think that's right
I've really been the best, the best of fools
I did what I could, yeah
'Cause I love you, baby, how I love you, darling
How I love you, baby, my beloved little girl, little girl

But, baby, since I've been loving you, yeah
I'm about to lose my worried mind, oh yeah

Everybody trying to tell me
That you didn't mean me no good
I've been trying, Lord, let me tell you
Let me tell you, I really did the best I could
I've been, I've been working from seven
To eleven every night
I said it kinda makes my life a drag, drag, drag, drag
Lord, yeah, that ain't right, now, now!

Since I've been loving you, yeah
I'm about to lose my worried mind

Watch out!

I said I've been crying, yeah
Oh, my tears, they fell like rain
Don't you hear them? Don't you hear them falling?
Don't you hear them? Don't you hear them falling?

Do you remember, mama, when I knocked upon your door?
I said, you had the nerve to tell me
You didn't want me no more, yeah
I open my front door, I hear my back door slam
You know, I must have one of them newfangled
Newfangled back-door men
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I've been a-working from seven, seven, seven
To eleven every night
It kinda makes my life a drag
A drag, drag
Ah yeah! It makes it a drag

Baby, since I've been loving you
I'm about to lose, I'm about to lose, lose my worried mind
And just one more, just one more
Oh, yeah!
Since I've been loving you, I'm gonna lose my worried mind

[Song 15: No Quarter]
63 ContributorsNo Quarter LyricsThis track, along with several other Led Zeppelin songs, include a lot of ancient Scandinavian/Norse/Celtic mythology. In addition, “No Quarter” is one of Led Zeppelin’s darker and more mysterious songs.
Close the door, put out the light
You know they won't be home tonight, oh-oh
The snow falls hard, and don't you know?
The winds of Thor are blowing cold
They're wearing steel that's bright and true
They carry news that must get through

They choose the path where no one goes
They hold no quarter
They hold no quarter
Ah

Walking side by side with death
The devil mocks their every step, ooh
The snow drives back the foot that's slow
The dogs of doom are howling more, oh
They carry news that must get through
To build a dream for me and you, oh

They choose the path where no one goes
They hold no quarter
They ask no quarter
They hold no quarter
They ask no quarter

Oh!
The pain, the pain without quarter, oh, yeah
They ask no quarter (without quarter, quarter, quarter)
They give no quarter (giving me, giving me no)
Oh (I hear the dogs of doom are howling more)

[Song 16: The Rain Song]
43 ContributorsThe Rain Song Lyrics“The Rain Song” is the second track from their fifth studio album, Houses of the Holy, released in 1973. It’s a ballad whose melody was constructed by Jimmy Page at his home in Plumpton.
They wrote the song… Read More 
It is the springtime of my loving
The second season I am to know
You are the sunlight in my growing
So little warmth I've felt before
It isn't hard to feel me glowing
I watched the fire that grew so low, oooh, oh

It is the summer of my smiles
Flee from me, keepers of the gloom
Speak to me only with your eyes
It is to you I give this tune
Ain't so hard to recognize, oh
These things are clear to all from time to time, ooh
Oh, oh

Ah, talk, talk, talk, talk
Hey!

I've felt the coldness of my winter
I never thought it would ever go
I cursed the gloom that set upon us, upon us, upon us
But I know that I love you so, ohhhh, oh
But I know that I love you so

These are the seasons of emotion
And like the wind, they rise and fall
This is the wonder of devotion
I see the torch we all must hold
This is the mystery of the quotient, quotient
Ah, upon us all, upon us all a little rain must fall

Just a little rain, oh yeah
Uhh, ooooh, yeah yeah yeah

[Song 17: Over the Hills and Far Away]
41 ContributorsOver the Hills and Far Away Lyrics“Over The Hills…” discusses the potential for growth after being hurt by a loved one. As shown by a picture of the initial tracklist of the album from the band’s website, the song was originally titled “Many,… Read More 

Hey lady, you got the love I need
Maybe more than enough
Oh darling, darling, darling; walk a while with me
Oh, you've got so much, so much, so much
Many have I loved, and many times been bitten
Many times I've gazed along the open road
Many times I've lied, and many times I've listened
Many times I've wondered how much there is to know
Many dreams come true, and some have silver linings
I live for my dream and a pocketful of gold


Mellow is the man who knows what he's been missing
Many, many men can't see the open road
Many is a word that only leaves you guessing
Guessing 'bout a thing you really ought to know, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Really ought to know (oh, oh, oh)
I really ought to know
Oh-whoa, you know I should, you know I should
You know I should've known
Ooohhh...

[Song 18: Rock and Roll]
54 ContributorsRock and Roll LyricsThis is a song about the band wanting  to get back into “Rock and Roll” It uses several rock and roll elements as if they wanted to make the claim official.
Reportedly, Led Zeppelin used to warm up playing… Read More 
It's been a long time since I rock and rolled
It's been a long time since I did the stroll
Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back, let me get it back
Baby, where I come from
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time, yes it has

It's been a long time since the book of love
I can't count the tears of a life with no love
Carry me back, carry me back, carry me back
Baby, where I come from, whoa, whoa, oh
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Ahhh! Ahhh!

Oh, it seems so long since we walked in the moonlight
Making vows that just can't work right
Oh yeah, open your arms, open your arms, open your arms
Baby, let my love come running in! Yeah!
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time

Yeah hey, yeah hey
Yeah hey, yeah hey
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time

[Song 19: Misty Mountain Hop]
32 ContributorsMisty Mountain Hop Lyrics“Musically the song is a medium tempo rocker which begins with bassist John Paul Jones playing the electric piano. It is notable for the presence of layered guitar and keyboard parts, making it solidly… Read More 
Walking in the park just the other day, baby
What do you, what do you think I saw?
Crowds of people sitting on the grass
With flowers in their hair said
"Hey, boy, do you wanna score?"
And you know how it is?

I really don't know what time it was
Woah-oh-oh
So I asked them if I could stay a while

I didn't notice, but it had got very dark, and I was really
Really out of my mind
Just then a policeman stepped up to me
Asked us said please, hey, would we care
To all get in line, get in line?

Well, you know
They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun
Hoh-oh-oh
He said that his friends would all drop by
Ooh

Why don't you take a good look at yourself
And describe what you see?
And baby, baby, baby, do you like it?
There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rusting
Ah! Not tryin’ to fight it

You really don't care if they're coming?
Oh-oh-oh
I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh (No, no, no!)


If you go down in the streets today, baby, you better
You better open your eyes, woah-woah-yeah
Folk down there really don't care
Really don't care, don't care, really don't
Which, which way the pressure lies
So I've decided what I'm gonna do now

So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains
Where the spirits go now
Over the hills where the spirits fly
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

I really don't know, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I really don't know, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I really don't know

[Song 20: Good Times Bad Times]
51 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsGood Times Bad Times LyricsThe opening track of Led Zeppelin’s eponymous album featured the musical prowess held by all band members, ranging from the unique vocal performances to the different take on drumming, serving as the perfect… Read More 
In the days of my youth, I was told what it means to be a man
Now I've reached that age, I've tried to do all those things the best I can
No matter how I try, I find my way into the same old jam

Good times, bad times, you know I've had my share
When my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
But I still don't seem to care

Sixteen, I fell in love with a girl as sweet as could be
It only took a couple of days 'til she was rid of me
She swore that she would be all mine and love me 'til the end
But when I whispered in her ear, I lost another friend, oh

Good times, bad times, you know I've had my share
When my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
But I still don't seem to care


Good times, bad times, you know I've had my share
When my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
But I still don't seem to care

I know what it means to be alone
I sure do wish I was at home
I don't care what the neighbors say
I'm gonna love you each and every day
You can feel the beat within my heart
Realize, sweet babe, we ain't never gonna part
I feel good when I look into your eyes

[Song 21: Heartbreaker]
39 ContributorsHeartbreaker Lyrics“Heartbreaker” is a prototypical power-rock song about a woman, likely a prostitute, who breaks the speaker’s heart. It highlights an album stock full of love songs with its hard rock sound defined by a… Read More 

Hey fellas, have you heard the news?
You know that Annie's back in town
I won't take long, just watch and see
How the fellas lay their money down
Her style is new, but the face the same
As it was so long ago
But from her eyes, a different smile
Like that of one who knows

Well, it's been ten years or maybe more
Since I first set eyes on you
The best years of my life gone by
Here I am alone and blue
Some people cry and some people die
By the wicked ways of love
But I'll just keep on rollin' along
With the grace from the Lord above

People talkin' all around
'Bout the way you left me flat
I don't care what the people say
I know where their jive is at
One thing I do have on my mind
If you can clarify, please do
It's the way you call me another guy's name
When I try to make love to you, yeah
I try to make love, but it ain't no use
Give it to me
Give it


Mm, work so hard I couldn't unwind
Get some money saved
Abuse my love a thousand times
However hard I tried
Heartbreaker, your time has come
Can't take your evil way
Go away, heartbreaker

Heartbreaker!
Heartbreaker!
Heart!

[Song 22: Ten Years Gone]
48 ContributorsTen Years Gone Lyrics“Ten Years Gone” is about a relationship in which Robert Plant’s partner made him choose between either staying with her or pursuing his dream.

Then, as it was, then again it will be
And though the course may change sometimes
Rivers always reach the sea
Flying skies of fortune, each a separate way
On the wings of maybe, downing birds of prey
Kind of makes me feel sometimes, didn’t have to go
But as the eagle leaves the nest, got so far to go

Changes fill my time, baby, that's all right with me
In the midst I think of you, and how it used to be


Did you ever really need somebody
And really need 'em bad?
Did you ever really want somebody
The best love you ever had?
Do you ever remember me, baby?
Did it feel so good?
'Cause it was just the first time
And you knew you would


Through the eyes and I sparkle, senses growing keen
Taste your love along the way, see your feathers preen
Kind of makes me feel sometimes, didn't have to grow
We are eagles of one nest, the nest is in our soul

Vixen in my dreams, with great surprise to me
Never thought I'd see your face the way it used to be
Oh darling, oh darling
Oh, oh darling, oh yeah, oh darling

I'm never going to leave you
I'm never going to leave
Holding on, ten years gone
Ten years gone, holding on, ten years gone
I'm never, I'm never
Oooh, yeah...

[Song 23: The Lemon Song]
40 ContributorsThe Lemon Song LyricsThis song is from the band’s much acclaimed second album, Led Zeppelin II.
In March 2015 Robert Plant surprised the attendees of the Argentine Lollapalooza and joined Jack White of the White Stripes to… Read More 
I should have quit you long time ago
Ohh, yeahhh, long time ago
I wouldn't be here, my children
Down on this killing floor

I should have listened, baby, to my second mind
Oh, I should have listened, baby, to my second mind
Every time I go away and leave you, darling
You send me the blues way down the line
Oh..



Babe, yeah
Give it to me, baby
Ooh, my, my, my, my, my
I'll take it down a little bit
People tell me, baby
Can't be satisfied
Tryin' to worry me, baby, but I'd never get you with myself
Keep on worrying, baby
Can't keep you satisfied
Huh, let me tell you, baby
You ain't nothing but a two-bit, no-good jive...

I went to sleep last night, I worked as hard as I can
I bring home my money
You take my money
Give it to another man
I should have quit you, baby
Oh, such a long time ago, oh
I wouldn't be here with all my troubles
Down on this killing floor

Squeeze me, baby, till the juice runs down my leg
Squeeze me, baby, till the juice runs down my leg
The way you squeeze my lemon, ah
I'm gonna fall right out of bed
Bed, bed, bed, yeah

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, oh, oh


I'm going to leave my children down on this killing floor

[Song 24: Achilles’ Last Stand]
51 ContributorsAchilles’ Last Stand LyricsRobert Plant wrote the lyrics about his travels throughout Morocco, Greece, and Spain. The music was inspired by Flamenco and Moroccan traditions.
The Greek mythology title refers to how Plant had a broken… Read More 
It was an April morning when they told us we should go
And as I turned to you, you smiled at me, how could we say no?
With all the fun to have to live the dreams we always had
Oh, the songs to sing when we at last return again

Sending off a glancing kiss to those who claim they know
Below the streets that steam and hiss, the devil's in his hole
Oh, to sail away to sandy lands and other days
Oh, to touch the dream, hides inside and never seen, yeah

Into the sun, the south, the north, at last the birds have flown
Shackles of commitments fell in pieces on the ground
Oh, to ride the wind, to tread the air above the din
Oh, to laugh aloud, dancing as we fought the crowd, yeah

To seek the man whose pointing hand, the giant step unfolds
To guide us from the curving path that turns our feet to stone
If one bell should ring in celebration for a king
So fast the heart should beat as proud the head with heavy feet
Yeah

Oooooh, yeah

Days went by when you and I bathed in eternal summer's glow
As far away and distant, our mutual child did grow
Oh, the sweet refrain soothes the soul and calms the pain
Oh, Albion remains sleeping now to rise again

Wandering and wandering what place to rest the search
The mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth
For the mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth
From the earth, oh, oh, oh, oh
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah ah ah ah
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh

Oh, the mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth
(Ohhhhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhhhh, ohhhhhh)
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Oooooh oooh, oh

[Song 25: Tangerine]
24 ContributorsTangerine LyricsLed Zeppelin’s “Tangerine” was released on their 1970 album Led Zeppelin III. Jimmy Page wrote the songs years earlier and The Yardbirds even attempted to record it. The band veers away from their usual sound… Read More 
One, two
One, two, three, four
One, two

Measuring a summer's day
I only find it slips away to grey
The hours, they bring me pain

Tangerine, tangerine
Living reflection from a dream
I was her love, she was my queen
And now a thousand years in between

Thinking how it used to be
Does she still remember times like these?
To think of us again
And I do


Tangerine, tangerine
Living reflection from a dream
I was her love, she was my queen
And now a thousand years in between

[Song 26: D’yer Mak’er]
32 ContributorsD’yer Mak’er LyricsSixth track off “Houses of the Holy”, “D'yer Mak'er” is a reggae-inspired track about losing a lover.
The title is a play on an old British joke, which spins on the pronunciation of “Jamaica” to come off as… Read More 
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You don't have to go-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You don't have to go-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You don't have to go
Ay, ah, ah, ah, ah, ay
All those tears I cry, ah, ah, ah, ay
All those tears I cry, oh, oh, uh, ay
Baby, please, don't go

When I read the letter you wrote me, it made me mad, mad, mad
When I read the words that it told me, it made me sad, sad, sad
But I still love you so, I can't let you go
I love you, ooh, baby, I love ya

Oh, uh, uh, uh, oh, oh
Every breath I take, uh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, every move I make
Oh, baby, please, don't go, uh
Ay, ah, ah, ah, ah, ay
You hurt me to my soul, oh, oh, oh, oh
You hurt me to my soul-oh-oh
Darling, please, don't go

When I read the letter you sent me, it made me mad, mad, mad
When I read the news that it broke, it made me sad, sad, sad
But I still love you so and I can't let you go
I love you, ooh, uh—baby, I love you, ah


Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You don't have to go, oh, oh, oh, oh
You don't have to go, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, baby, babe, please, please, please, please

Ah, uh, ah, uh, ah, ah, baby
Ah, ah, I really love you, baby
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, darling
Oh, oh-woah, oh, baby, I still love you so
Oh, baby, I still love you so, oh, ooh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah (Fire)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, oh (Fire)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Oh, yeah (Fire)
Awe, baby, baby

[Song 27: What Is and What Should Never Be]
44 ContributorsWhat Is and What Should Never Be LyricsReleased in 1969 on their second studio album, Led Zeppelin II, “What Is and What Should Never Be” was one of the first Led Zeppelin songs to be recorded using Jimmy Page’s iconic Gibson Les Paul guitar.
… Read More 
And if I say to you tomorrow
Take my hand, child, come with me
It's to a castle I will take you
Where what's to be, they say will be

Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away, leave today
Way up high in the sky, ...
But the wind won't blow, you really shouldn't go
It only goes to show
That you will be mine, by taking our time
Oh..

And if you say to me tomorrow
Oh, what fun it all would be
Then what's to stop us, pretty baby
But what is and what should never be?

Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away, leave today
Way up high in the sky, ...
But the wind won't blow, you really shouldn't go
It only goes to show
That you will be mine, by taking our time


So if you wake up with the sunrise
And all your dreams are still as new
And happiness is what you need so bad
Girl, the answer lies with you, yeah

Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away, leave today
Way up high in the sky, ...
But the wind won't blow, you really shouldn't go
It only goes to show
That you will be mine, by taking our time

Hey, ho, but the wind won't blow, and we really shouldn't go
And it only goes to show
Catch the wind, we're going to see it spin, we're going to...sail, leave today
Do do do, bop bop a do-oh. My my my my my my yeah
Everybody I know seems to know me well
But they're never going to know that I move like hell
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby. Oh lord
Baby baby babe. Huh? Oh, I love ya
Do no no no no no no. C'mon now
I want you now

[Song 28: The Ocean]
43 ContributorsThe Ocean LyricsThe ocean refers to the sea of fans seen from the stage at Led Zeppelin concerts, to whom this song was dedicated.
The intro and chorus (the main riff) of this song are done in an alternating 4/4 and 7/8 beat… Read More 
"We've done four already, but now we're steady
And then they went: One, two, three, four"

Singing in the sunshine, laughing in the rain
Hitting on the moonshine, rocking in the grain
Got no time to pack my bags, my foot's outside the door
I got a date, I can't be late, for the high hopes hailla ball
Oh ho
Oh-oh yeah

Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean's roar (Ooh)
Play for free and play for me, and play a whole lot more, more (Ooh)
Singing 'bout good things and the sun that lights the day (Ooh)
I used to sing on the mountains, has the ocean lost its way?

I don't know
Oh-oh yeah

Ooh yeah

Na nana na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na nana na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na nana na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na nana na na na na na na na na na na na na

Sitting 'round, singin' songs till the night turns into day (Ooh)
Used to sing on the mountains, but the mountains washed away
(Ooh)
Now I'm singin' all my songs to the girl who won my heart
She is only three years old and it's a real fine way to start

Oh yeah
I sure is fine
I blow my mind
And I feel so good yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Oh, so good

[Song 29: In My Time of Dying]
40 ContributorsIn My Time of Dying Lyrics“In My Time of Dying” is Led Zeppelin’s longest studio recording, with a length of 11 minutes 6 seconds.
All four of the members of Led Zeppelin were listed with the credits of the songs, despite being a… Read More 
In my time of dying, want nobody to mourn
All I want for you to do is take my body home
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Jesus got to make out, should know
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make it my dying bed

Meet me, Jesus, meet me, ooh, meet me in the middle of the air
If my wings should fail me, Lord, please meet me with another pair
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Oh, oh, well, well, well, so I can die easy, Jesus gonna make up
Somebody, somebody, oh, oh
Jesus going to make up, Jesus going to make it my dying bed

Oh, Saint Peter, at the gates of heaven, won't you let me in?
I never did no harm, I never did no wrong
Oh, oh, Gabriel, let me blow your horn, let me blow your horn
Oh, I never did no harm, did no harm
I've only made the young ones, I never thought I'd do anybody no wrong
No, not once, oh no
Ah good


Oh, I did somebody some good, somebody some good, yeah, oh
Oh, did somebody some good, yeah, I must've did somebody some good, yeah
Oh, I believe I did
I see the smiling faces, I know there must be lipstick traces, oh


And I see them in the streets and I see them in the field
And I hear them at my feet and I know it's got to be real
Oh Lord, deliver me, all the wrong I've done
Oh, you can deliver me, Lord, I only wanted to have some fun
Oh, hear the angels marching, they're marching
Hear them marching, hear them marching, the marching

Oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus
Oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus
My Jesus, oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, ah, oh
Ah my Jesus, hey, yeah, it's got to be my Jesus, oh-whoa
It's got to be, it's got to be my Jesus, it's got to be, oh
It's got to be my Jesus, oh, take me home
Come on, come on, I can hear the angels singing
Oh, here they come, here they come, here they come
Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye
Oh, it feels pretty good up here, pretty good up here
Oh Georgina, oh Georgina, oh Georgina, oh Georgina, oh Georgina
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah
Ooh, I'll see you again, come on
Take it, take it, take it, take it, yeah, yeah, hey, hey, ooh yes
Oh, I'm goin' to make it my dying, dying, dying...

(Coughing)
Cough
That's gotta be the one hasn't it?
Come have a listen then
Oh yes, thank you

[Song 30: Fool in the Rain]
41 ContributorsFool in the Rain LyricsWritten from the perspective of a man who’s smitten, anxious and excited to meet up with a woman, Plant sings about a missed date and how disappointed he is that he’s being stood up: the girl is not… Read More 
Oh, baby

Well, there's a light in your eye that keeps shining
Like a star that can't wait for the night
I hate to think I've been blinded, baby
Why can't I see you tonight?
And the warmth of your smile starts a-burning
And the thrill of your touch gives me fright
And I'm shaking so much, really yearning
Why don't you show up, make it all right?
Yeah, it's all right

And if you promised you'd love so completely
And you said you would always be true
You swore that you never would leave me, baby
What ever happened to you?
And you thought it was only in movies
As you wish all your dreams would come true, hey
It ain’t the first time, believe me, baby
I'm standing here feeling blue, blue
Ha, yeah, I'm blue
Oh, babe

Now, I will stand in the rain on the corner
I'll watch the people go shuffling downtown
'nother ten minutes, no longer
And then I'm turning around, 'round
The clock on the wall's moving slower
My heart it sinks to the ground
And the storm that I thought would blow over
Clouds the light of the love that I found, found
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found
Oh, that I found

Hey, babe!
Ooh! Hands on the clock
They just don’t seem to stop when I’m thinking it over
Ooh! Time and the light
I just don’t seem to find
Gotta get away, get away
Whoa-ooh! I see it in my dreams
But I just don’t seem to be with you
And I gotta get it on, gotta get it on
Gotta get it on, I’ve got to get it on, oh


Ooh, now my body is starting to quiver
And the palms of my hands getting wet, oh
I've got no reason to doubt you, baby
It's all a terrible mess
And I'll run in the rain 'til I'm breathless
When I'm breathless, I'll run 'til I drop, hey
The thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block
Ohh, yeah, hey, now
Ohh, ho-ho

Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I
Light of the love that I found
Light of the, hey, now
Light of the, hey, now
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found

[Song 31: Bron-Y-Aur Stomp]
28 ContributorsBron-Y-Aur Stomp LyricsThis song is about the relationship shared between Robert Plant and his blue-eyed Merle dog, which he named Strider after the character Aragorn from the Lord of the Rings series. This song was written in 1970… Read More 
Ah, caught you smiling at me
That's the way it should be
Like a leaf is to a tree, so fine
Ah, all the good times we had
I sang love songs so glad
Always smiling, never sad, so fine

As we walk down the country lane
I'll be singing a song, hear me calling your name
Hear the wind within the trees
Telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me

Well, if the sun shines so bright
Or on our way it's darkest night
The road we choose is always right, so fine
Ah, can your love be so strong
When so many loves go wrong?
Will our love go on and on and on and on and on and on?

As we walk down the country lanes
I'll be singing a song, hear me calling your name
Hear the wind within the trees
Telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me

My, my
La-la-la
Come on now, it ain't too far
Tell your friends all around the world
Ain't no companion like a blue eyed Merle
Come on now, well, let me tell you
What you're missing, messin' 'round them brick walls

So of one thing I am sure
It's a friendship so pure
Angels singing all around my door, so fine
Yeah, ain't but one thing to do
Spend my natural life with you
You're the finest dog I knew, so fine

When you're old and your eyes are dim
There ain't no old Shep gonna happen again
We'll still go walking down country lane
I'll sing the same old song, hear me call your name

[Song 32: Hey, Hey, What Can I Do]
26 ContributorsHey, Hey, What Can I Do Lyrics“Hey, Hey, What Can I Do” is a song by the English rock group Led Zeppelin, released in 1970 as the B-side of “Immigrant Song” outside the United Kingdom.
It is Led Zeppelin’s only non-album track released… Read More 
Want to tell you about the girl I love
My, she looks so fine
She's the only one that I been dreaming of
Maybe someday she will be all mine
I want to tell her that I love her so
I thrill with her every touch
I need to tell her she's the only one I really love

I got a woman, want to ball all day
I got a woman, she won't be true, no
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time
I said, I got a little woman, and she won't be true

On Sunday morning, when we go down to church
See the menfolk standing in line
Say they come to pray to the Lord
But when my little girl looks so fine
In the evening, when the sun is sinking low
Everybody's with the one they love
I walk the town
Keep a-searching all around
Looking for my street-corner girl

I got a woman, want to ball all day, yeah
I got a woman, she won't be true, no, no
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time
I said, I got a little woman, and she won't be true

In the bars, with the men who play guitars
Singing, drinking, and remembering the times
My little lover does a midnight shift
She followed around all of the time
I guess there's just one thing a-left for me to do
Going to pack my bags and move on my way
'Cause I got a worried mind
Sharing what I thought was mine
Going to leave her where the guitars play

I got a woman, she won't be true, no, no
I got a woman, want to ball all day, yeah, yeah, naw, naw
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time
I got a little woman, and she won't be true

(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
I said she won't be true, naw
Yeah, no, yeah, no
(No, no, what can I say?)
Yeah, no, yeah, no
Awwwww
(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
Keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on
(No, no, what can I say?)
She wanna ball
(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
Oh, keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on, yeah-yeah
(No, no, what can I say?)
I boogie, I boogie too, I boogie, I boogie too
(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
Aw yeah, aw yeah, aw yeah, aw yeah
(No, no, what can I say?)
Hey, hey, what can I do? I got a woman, she won't be true
(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
Ohohohoh, hear what I say, I got a woman, wanna ball all day
(No, no, what can I say?)
Keep on, keep on, ooooh-ho-ho-ho-ho
(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
Oooohh...

[Song 33: That’s the Way]
31 ContributorsThat’s the Way Lyrics“That’s the Way” is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their third album, Led Zeppelin III, released in 1970. Like several of the tracks on the album, it is an acoustic song and is particularly… Read More 
I don't know how I'm gonna tell you
I can't play with you no more
I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me
My friend, the boy next door
I can't believe what people sayin'
You're gonna let your hair hang down
I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long
You're in the darker side of town
And when I'm out I see you walking
Why don't your eyes see me?
Could it be you've found another game to play?
What did mama say to me?

That's the way, oh, that's the way it ought to be
Yeah, yeah
Mama say that's the way it ought to stay
Yeah, yeah

And yesterday I saw you standing by the river
And weren't those tears that filled your eyes?
And all the fish that lay in dirty water dyin'
Had they got you hypnotized?
And yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers
But all that lives is born to die
And so I say to you that nothing really matters
And all you do is stand and cry
I don't know what to say about it
When all your ears have turned away
But now's the time to look and look again at what you see
Is that the way it ought to stay?

That's the way, that's the way it ought to be
Oh, don't you know now
Mama said, mama said, that's the way it's going to stay, yeah
Ahh, ahh, ahh

[Song 34: Trampled Under Foot]
36 ContributorsTrampled Under Foot LyricsThe lyrics were inspired by Robert Johnson’s 1936 “Terraplane Blues.” A Terraplane is a classic car, and the song uses car parts as metaphors for sex.
Per Wikipedia, Trampled Under Foot is “one of Plant’s… Read More 
Greased and slicked down fine
Groovy leather trim
I like the way you hold the road
Mama, it ain't no sin

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Ooh, trouble-free transmission
Helps your oils flow
Mama, let me pump your gas
Mama, let me do it all

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Check that heavy metal
Underneath your hood
Baby, I can work all night
Believe I got the perfect tools

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

A model built for comfort
Really built with style
Specialist tradition
Mama, let me feast my eyes

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Factory air-conditioned
Heat begins to rise
Guaranteed to run for hours
Mama, it's the perfect size

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Grooving on the freeway
Gauge is on the red
Gun down on my gasoline
Believe I'm gonna crack a head

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout...

I can't stop talking about
I can't stop talking about
Ooh, yeah, yes
Drive on

Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes
I'm coming through

Come to me for service
Every hundred miles
Baby, let me check your points
Fix your overdrive

Talking 'bout love
I'm talking 'bout love
I'm talking 'bout

Ooh yeah, fully automatic
Comes in any size
Makes me wonder what I did
Before we synchronized

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
I'm talking 'bout

Oooh, feather-light suspension
Konis couldn't hold
I'm so glad I took a look
Inside your showroom doors

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout
Oh, I can't
Oh, I can't

Oh, I can't stop talking about love
I can't stop talking about love
Ooh, let me go on down, go on down
Go on down, go on down, go on down, yeah
I can't stop talking about
I can't stop talking about love, oh yeah
I can't stop talking about love or my baby
I can't stop talking about love, my baby
My baby, my baby, yeah

Push, push
Push it
Push, push
Oooooooohhh

[Song 35: How Many More Times]
44 ContributorsHow Many More Times Lyrics“How Many More Times” is the longest running song on Led Zeppelin’s debut album. It was written by all members of the band, although Robert Plant was not credited for writing on the first issues of the album… Read More 
Ahhhhhh

How many more times treat me the way you wanna do?
How many more times treat me the way you wanna do?
When I give you all my love
Please, please be true

I'll give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls, and all
I'll give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls, and all
I've got to get you together, baby
I'm sure, sure you're gonna call
Oh, when's the last time I done asked you?


I was a young man, I couldn't resist
Started thinking it over, just what I had missed
Got me a girl, and I kissed her and then and then
Whoops, oh no yeah well, I did it again
Now I got ten children of my own
I got another child on the way, that makes eleven
But I'm in constant heaven
I know it's all right in my mind
'Cause I got a little schoolgirl, and she's all mine
I can't get through to her 'cause it doesn't permit
But I'm gonna give her everything I've got to give

Oh, Rosie, oh, girl
Oh, Rosie, oh, girl
Steal away now, steal away
Steal away, baby, steal away
Little Robert Anthony wants to come and play
Why don't you come to me, baby
Steal away, all right, all right

Well, they call me the hunter
That's my name
They call me the hunter
That's how I got my fame
Ain't no need to hide
Ain't no need to run
'Cause I've got you in the sights of my gun

How many more times, barrelhouse all night long, all right
How many more times, barrelhouse all night long?
Well, I've got to get to you, baby
So, please come home

Why don't you listen to me, baby?
Why don't you please come home?
Why don't you please come home?
Why don't you please come home? Oh

[Song 36: Houses of the Holy]
39 ContributorsHouses of the Holy LyricsOriginally meant to be the title track for Zeppelin’s previous album of the same name, it was not included on the record because it did not fit in well with the other songs. Along with “The Rover”, it was… Read More 
Let me take you to the movie
Can I take you to the show?
Let me be yours ever truly
Can I make your garden grow?

From the houses of the holy
We can watch the white doves go
From the door comes Satan's daughter
And it only goes to show

You know!

There's an angel on my shoulder
In my hand a sword of gold
Let me wander in your garden
And the seeds of love I'll sow

You know!

So the world is spinning faster
Are you dizzy when you stall?
Let the music be your master
Will you heed the master's call?

Oh, Satan and man

Said there ain't no use in crying
'Cause it will only, only drive you mad
Does it hurt to hear them lying?
Was this the only world you had?

Oh, oh

So let me take you, take you to the movie
Can I take you, baby, to the show?
Why don't you let me be yours ever truly?
Can I make your garden grow?

You know! That's right

[Song 37: In the Light]
34 ContributorsIn the Light LyricsThe seventh track off Physical Graffiti, “In the Light” was composed mostly by bassist/keyboardist John Paul Jones using a synthesizer. For the song’s intro, guitarist Jimmy Page used a violin bow to play his… Read More 

And if you feel that you can't go on
And your will's sinking low
Just believe and you can't go wrong
In the light you will find the road
You will find the road

Hey, ooh, did you ever believe that I could leave you
Standing out in the cold?
Yeah, baby, I know how it feels 'cause I have slipped through
To the very depths of my soul, yeah
Oh-ho, baby, I just want to show you what a clear view
It is from every bend in the road
Now listen, oh, whoa-whoa, as I was
And really would be for you, too, honey
As you would for me, oh, I would share your load
Let me share your load
Ooh, let me share, share your load


And if you feel that you can't go on
In the light you will find the road
Hey, oh ho, the the winds of change may blow around you
But that will always be so, oh
Whoa whoa, whoa whoa, when love is pain it can devour you, but you are never alone
I will share your load, I will share your load
Baby, let me, oh, let me

In the light
Everybody needs the light
Ooh, yeah yeah
Ooh, baby
Everybody, everybody, everybody
Sure enough they do

Light, light, light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light, ooh, yeah
Light, light, light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light, ooh yeah yeah
Light, light, light, in the light, everybody, come on now

[Song 38: Gallows Pole]
39 ContributorsGallows Pole LyricsThis song was originally a poem by Francis James Child, “The Maid Freed From The Gallows”, Later it was interpolated by Leadbelly as “The Gallis Pole”, who surely inspired Zeppelin to put their own spin on it.
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while
I think I see my friends coming, riding many a mile
Friends, you get some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my dear friends
To keep me from the gallows pole?
What did you bring me to keep me from the gallows pole?
I couldn't get no silver, I couldn't get no gold
You know that we're too damn poor to keep you from the gallows pole

Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while
I think I see my brother coming, riding many a mile
Brother, you get me some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my brother, to keep me from the gallows pole?
Brother, I brought you some silver, yeah
I brought a little gold, I brought a little of everything
To keep you from the gallows pole
Yes, I brought you to keep you from the gallows pole

Hangman, hangman, turn your head awhile
I think I see my sister coming, riding many a mile, mile, mile
Sister, I implore you, take him by the hand
Take him to some shady bower
Save me from the wrath of this man
Please take him, save me from the wrath of this mad man
Hangman, hangman, upon your face a smile
Tell me that I'm free to ride
Ride for many a mile, mile, mile

Oh yes, you got a fine sister
She warmed my blood from cold
She warmed my blood to boiling hot
To keep you from the gallows pole, pole, pole, pole, yeah, yeah
Your brother brought me silver, and your sister warmed my soul
But now I laugh and pull so hard, see you swinging on the gallows pole, yeah
But now I laugh and pull so hard, see you swinging on the gallows pole, pole, pole
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole
Pole, pole, pole, pole, pole, pole, yeah

Ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha
It was swingin', it was swingin', it was swingin'
Mamamamamamama, yeah
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha
Swingin' on the gallows, yeah
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the, ah
I gotta swing!
See-saw marjory daw
I gotta swing!
See-saw, knock at my door
I gotta sing
Keep on singing, yeah
Keep it cooling, yeah
Keep it-
Aw yeah!

[Song 39: The Rover]
31 ContributorsThe Rover Lyrics
I've been to London, seen seven wonders
I know to trip is just to fall
I used to rock it, sometimes I'd roll it
I always knew what it was for

There can be no denying
That the wind'll shake 'em down
And the flag we're flying
Is the new flag of the land

If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just join...

In fields of plenty when heaven sent me
I saw the kings who rule them all
Still by the firelight and purple moonlight
I hear the rested rivers call

And the wind is crying
From a love that won't grow cold
My lover, she is lying
On the dark side of the globe

If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah

You got me rocking when I ought to be a-rolling
Darling, tell me, darling, which way to go
You keep me rocking, baby, then you keep me stalling
Won't you tell me, darling, which way to go, that's right


Oh how I wonder, oh how I worry
And I would dearly like to know
Of all this wonder, of earthly plunder
Will it leave us anything to show?

And our time is flying
See the candle burning low
Is the new world rising
From the shambles of the old?

If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just, if we could just, if we could just
If we could just, if we could just join hands
Hey! That's all it takes, that's all it takes
That's all it takes, that's all it takes
Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Ooh yeah, Ah! Ah! Ah! That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right

[Song 40: Moby Dick]
25 ContributorsMoby Dick LyricsConsidered by many to be the greatest drum solo of all time, this song was normally performed for an excess of 10 minutes, sometimes up to 30.
John Bonham would occasionally break his drumsticks midway… Read More This song is an instrumental

[Song 41: I Can’t Quit You Baby]
24 ContributorsI Can’t Quit You Baby LyricsWritten by Willie Dixon, “I Can’t Quit You Baby” was originally recorded in 1956 by Chicago blues musician, Otis Rush. In his autobiography, Dixon recalled writing the song about an engrossing relationship… Read More 
Oh, I can't quit you, babe
So I'm gonna put you down for awhile
I said I can't quit you, babe
I guess I got to put you down for awhile
Said you messed up my happy home
Made me mistreat my only child
Yes, you did, babe, oh

Said you know I love you, baby
My love for you I could never hide
Oh, you know I love you, babe
My love for you I could never hide
Oh, when I feel you near me, little girl
I know you are my one desire, yeah
Oh, ooohh, yeah


When you hear me moaning and groaning, baby
You know it hurts me deep down inside
Oh, when you hear me moaning and groaning, babe
You know it hurts me deep down inside
Oh, when you hear me holler, baby
You know you're my one desire
Yes, you are, ohh

[Song 42: Living Loving Maid (She’s Just a Woman)]
25 ContributorsLiving Loving Maid (She’s Just a Woman) LyricsThis is a song about a groupie who bothered the band in their earlier days. It flows seamlessly from Heartbreaker, and radio stations  often play them together.
It is said to be Jimmy Page’s least favourite… Read More 
With a purple umbrella and a fifty-cent hat
Living, loving, she's just a woman
Missus Cool rides out in her aged Cadillac
Living, loving, she's just a woman

Come on, babe, on the roundabout
Ride on the merry-go-round
We all know what your name is
So you better lay your money down

Alimony, alimony, paying your bills
Living, loving, she's just a woman
When your conscience hits, you knock it back with pills
Living, loving, she's just a woman

Come on, babe, on the roundabout
Ride on the merry-go-round
We all know what your name is
So you better lay your money down

Telling tall tales of how it used to be
Living, loving, she's just a woman
With the butler and the maid and the servants three
Living, loving, she's just a woman

Ah, get it now, get it
Ooo, you got it

Nobody hears a single word you say
Living, loving, she's just a woman
But you keep on talking till your dying day
Living, loving, she's just a woman

Come on, babe, on the roundabout
Ride on the merry-go-round
We all know what your name is
So you better lay your money down

Living, loving, she's just a woman
Living, living, loving, loving, she's just a woman
Li-li-li-li-live, lo-lo-lo-lo-love, she's just a woman

[Song 43: Communication Breakdown]
35 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsCommunication Breakdown Lyrics“Communication Breakdown” is Led Zeppelin’s lead single from their debut album, Led Zeppelin. An instant classic, the song has been recognised by acts such as Iron Maiden, Soundgarden, and Dread Zeppelin, all… Read More 
Hey, girl, stop what you're doin'!
Hey, girl, you'll drive me to ruin
I don't know what it is I like about you, but I like it a lot
Won't you let me hold you, let me feel your loving touch?

Communication breakdown
It's always the same
I'm having a nervous breakdown
Drive me insane

Hey, babe, I got something I think you ought to know
Hey, babe, I wanna tell you that I love you so
I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah
I'm never gonna let you go, 'cause I like your charms

Communication breakdown
It's always the same
I'm having a nervous breakdown
Drive me insane
Suck!


Communication breakdown
It's always the same
I'm having a nervous breakdown
Drive me insane! Yeah!

Communication breakdown
(I want you to love me all night)
(I want you to love me all night)
Communication breakdown
(Whoa, ah, a whoa oh)
Communication breakdown
(I want you to love me)
(I want you to love)
Communication breakdown
(I want you to love, yeah)
(I want you to love)
Communication breakdown
(I want you to love)...

[Song 44: Custard Pie]
28 ContributorsCustard Pie Lyrics“Custard Pie” opens up Physical Graffiti with difficult-to-comprehend lyrics that are full of sexual double-entendres. These pay homage to several different blues songs like “Drop Down Mama,” “Shake ‘Em On… Read More 
Ooh, drop down, baby, let your daddy see
Drop down, my lady, just dream of me
Well, my mama, allow me to fool around all night long
Well, I may look like I'm crazy, I sure know right from wrong

See me comin', throw your man outdoor
Ain't no stranger, done been this way before
See me comin', mama, I throw your man outdoor
I ain't no stranger, I been this way before

Put on your night shirt and your morning gown
You know by night I'm gonna shake 'em on down
Put on your night shirt, Mama, and your morning gown
Well, you know by night I'm sure gonna shake 'em on down
Shake it, shake it


Oooh, your custard pie, yeah, sweet and nice
When you cut it, mama, save me a slice
Your custard pie, yeah, I declare you're sweet and nice
(I like your custard pie)
When you cut it, mama, mama, please save me a slice, oh

I chew on a piece of your custard pie
I chew on a piece of your custard pie
I chew on a piece of your custard pie
I chew on a piece of your custard pie

Drop down, drop down
Drop down, drop down
Drop down,  yeah drop down
Drop down

I chew on a piece of your custard pie

[Song 45: The Song Remains the Same]
33 ContributorsThe Song Remains the Same LyricsLed Zeppelin opened their 1973 album with an ode to the power of music. Guitarist Jimmy Page revealed in an interview that the track was originally an instrumental called “The Overture,” and the working title… Read More 
I had a dream, oh yeah
Crazy dream, oh ho
Anything I wanted to know
Any place I needed to go

Hear my song, yeah
People, don't you listen now?
Sing along, oh
You don't know what you're missing now

Any little song that you know
Everything that's small has to grow
And it's gonna grow now
Push, push, yeah

Na-na-na-na-na
California sunlight
Sweet Calcutta rain
Honolulu starbright
The song remains the same, oooh, oooh, ooh
(Get it on)

Oh, keep on
All you gotta do, all you gotta do
All you gotta do now, all you gotta do now

Ooh, sing out Hare Hare
Ooh, dance the Hoochie Koo
City lights are oh-so bright
As we go sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding

Ahhhhhhh

[Song 46: Bring It on Home]
24 ContributorsBring It on Home LyricsThis was influenced by a song of the same name recorded by Blues great Sonny Boy Williamson and written by Willie Dixon. The Dixon composition was so similar that Led Zeppelin reached a settlement with Dixon… Read More 
Baby, baby
I'm gonna bring it on home to you

I've got my ticket, I've got that load
Got up, gone higher, all aboard
I'll take my seat, right way back, ooh yeah
Watch this train roll down the track

I'm gonna bring it on home
Bring it on home to you
Watch out, watch out...

Try to tell you, baby
What you trying to do?
Trying to love me, baby
And love some other men too

Bring it on home, bring it on home

Went a little walk downtown
Messed and got back late
Found a note there waiting
It said, "Daddy, I just can't wait"

Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it back home, bring it back home to me, baby

Tell you, pretty baby
You love to mess me 'round
I'm going to give you loving, baby
Going to move you out of town

Bring it on home, bring it on home

Sweetest little baby
Daddy ever saw
I'm going to give you loving, baby
I'm going to give you more

Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it on home, oh, right

Bring it on home, bring it on home to you

[Song 47: Nobody’s Fault But Mine]
24 ContributorsNobody’s Fault But Mine Lyrics“Nobody’s Fault But Mine”, or “It’s Nobody’s Fault But Mine” is a traditional American song. The first known recorded version was performed by Blind Willie Johnson. It has been covered and interpreted… Read More 
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah

Oh, nobody's fault but mine
Nobody's fault but mine, yeah
Trying to save my soul tonight

Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine

Devil he taught me to roll
Devil he taught me to roll-oll-oll, oh
How to roll the lot you like

It's nobody's fault but mine

Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah


Brother he showed me the gong
Brother he showed me the ding dong ding dong
How to kick that gong to life

Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine

Got a monkey on my back
M-m-m-m-m-monkey on my back, back, back, back
Gonna change my ways tonight

Nobody's fault but mine


Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Aah, aah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah

Aah, aah, ah, aah
Aah, aah, ah, aah
How to kick that gong to light
N-n-n-n-n-n-n-nobody's fault

[Song 48: Your Time Is Gonna Come]
34 ContributorsYour Time Is Gonna Come LyricsThis Led Zeppelin song, only performed live by the band in 1968, appears to be about an unfaithful woman who cheated on the narrator. Robert Plant sings about how her actions will come back to bite her.

Lyin’, cheatin’, hurtin’
That's all you seem to do
Messin’ around every guy in town
Puttin’ me down for thinkin’ of someone new
Always the same, playing your game
Drive me insane, trouble is gonna come to you
One of these days and it won't be long
You'll look for me but, baby, I'll be gone

This is all I gotta say to you, woman

Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come

Made up my mind, break you this time
Won't be so kind, it's my turn to cry
Do what you want, I won't take the brunt
It's fadin’ away, can't feel you anymore
Don't care what you say 'cause I'm goin’ away to stay
Gonna make you pay for that great big hole in my heart
People talkin’ all around, watch out, woman
No longer is the joke gonna be on my heart

You been bad to me, woman, but it's coming back home to you

Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come (Bye, bye-bye, baby)
Your time is gonna come (Bye-bye, bye-bye)
Your time is gonna come ()
Your time is gonna come (Oh, oh, oh-oh)
Your time is gonna come (bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye)
Your time is gonna come 
Your time is gonna come (I gotta get away from ya)

[Song 49: Friends]
24 ContributorsFriends LyricsWritten in 1970 by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant while temporarily residing at Bron-Yr-Aur. Stephen Davis, a journalist who wrote the biography for Led Zeppelin described the song as “Jimmy’s last stab at… Read More 
Bright light almost blinding
Black night still there shining
I can't stop, keep on climbing
Looking for what I knew
Had a friend, she once told me
“You got love, you ain't lonely”
Now she's gone and left me only
Looking for what I knew


Mmm, I'm telling you now
The greatest thing you ever can do now
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now
It's very easy, just…

Met a man on the roadside crying
Without a friend, there's no denying
You're incomplete, they'll be no finding
Looking for what you knew
So anytime somebody needs you
Don't let them down, although it grieves you
Someday you'll need someone like they do
Looking for what you knew


Mmm, I'm telling you now
The greatest thing you ever can do now
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now
It's very easy, just… oh, yeah…

Ah, nah
My, my
My, my
My, my
My, my, my, my, my, my…

I'm telling you now
The greatest thing you ever can do now
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now
It's very easy, It's very easy
It's very easy, It's easy, easy, yeah yeah

[Song 50: Four Sticks]
28 ContributorsFour Sticks LyricsThe title of “Four Sticks” stems from the fact that during recording, drummer John Bonham used two sets of drum sticks, one in each hand to get the desired effect, on the take that was used. He grabbed the… Read More 
Oh, baby, it's crying time
Oh, baby, I got to fly
Got to try to find a way
Got to try to get away
'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, babe

Oh, baby, the river's red
Ah, baby, in my head
There's a funny feeling going on
I don't think I can hold out long

And when the owls cry in the night
Oh, baby, baby, when the pines begin to cry
Baby, baby, baby, how do you feel?
If the rivers run dry, baby, how would you feel?

Craze, baby, the rainbow's end
Mm, baby, it's just a den for those who hide
Who hide their love to depths of life
And ruin dreams that we all knew so, babe

And when the owls cry in the night
And, baby, when the pines begin to cry
Oh, baby, baby, how do you feel?
If the rivers run dry, baby, how do you feel?
Ah, ah...
Baby, how do you feel?


Ooh yeah, brave I endure
Ooh yeah, strong shields and lore
They can't hold the wrath of those who walk
And the boots of those who march
Baby, through the roads of time so long ago

Ooh, yeah
Ooh, ooh yeah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ooh, hoo
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ah

[Song 51: You Shook Me]
27 ContributorsYou Shook Me LyricsThis was one of a number of Zeppelin songs written by someone else.  In this case, credit was given where due, to blues songwriter Willie Dixon. Another Dixon song, “You Need Love” was not so fairly treated… Read More 
You know you shook me
You shook me all night long
You know you shook me, baby
You shook me all night long
You shook me so hard, baby
Baby, baby, please come home

I have a bird that whistles
And I have birds that sing
I have a bird that whistles
And I have birds that sing
(Hahahaha)
I have a bird, won't do nothing
Oh-oh, oh-woah, buy a diamond ring, yeah



Ow, ow

Alright
Ah, yeah!

You know you shook me, babe
You shook me all night long
I know you really, really did, babe
I said you shook me, baby
You shook me all night long
You shook me so hard, baby

Babe
Ah-ah
Ah-ah
Ah-ah
Ah-ah
Ah, ra-ra
Ah, ra-ra
You shook me all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all night long

[Song 52: Dancing Days]
26 ContributorsDancing Days LyricsDancing Days was recorded at Stargroves in 1972. It was inspired by an Indian tune that Jimmy Page and Robert Plant heard while traveling in Bombay.
This was the first track from the album to be offered for… Read More 
Dancing days are here again
As summer evenings grow
I got my flower, I got my power
I got a woman who knows

I said it's all right, you know it's all right
I guess it's all in my heart
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start?

Crazy ways are evident
In the way you wearing your clothes
Sipping booze is precedent
As the evening starts to glow

You know it's all right, I said it's all right
You know it's all in my heart
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start?
Dig

You told your mama I'd get you home
But you didn't say that I got no car
I saw a lion, he was standing alone
With a tadpole in a jar

You know it's all right, I said it's all right
I guess it's all in my heart, heart, heart
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start?

So dancing days are here again
As the summer evenings grow
You are my flower, you are my power
You are my woman who knows

I said it's all right, you know it's all right
You know it's all in my heart
You'll be my only, yes, my one and only, yes
Is that the way it should start?
I know it is, yeah!

[Song 53: Celebration Day]
24 ContributorsCelebration Day LyricsCelebration Day is the third track on Led Zeppelin 3. It was written by Robert Plant, Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones. The title is somewhat misleading since it’s actually a song about trying to escape from… Read More 
Her face is cracked from smiling
All the fears that she's been hiding
And it seems that pretty soon everybody's gonna know
And her voice is sore from shouting
Cheering winners who are losing
And she worries if their days are few
And soon they'll have to go

My, my, my, I'm so happy
I'm gonna join the band
We' gonna dance and sing in celebration
We're in the promised land

She hears them talk of new ways
To protect the home she lives in
Then she wonders what it's all about
When they break down the door
Her name is Brown or White or Black
You know her very well
You hear her cries of mercy
As the winners toll the bell

My, my, my, I'm so happy
I'm gonna join the band, yeah
We' gonna sing and dance in celebration
We're in the promised land


Oooh, there is a train that leaves the station
Heading for your destination
But the price you pay to nowhere
Has increased a dollar more. Yes, it has!
And if you walk, you're gonna get there
And though it takes a little longer
And when you see it in the distance
You will wring your hands and moan, oh, yeah, moan
Ooh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, moan moan

If you walk you're gonna get there
Though it takes a little longer
And when you see it in the distance
You will wring your hands and moan...

[Song 54: Down by the Seaside]
28 ContributorsDown by the Seaside LyricsLed Zeppelin recorded “Down by the Seaside” in early 1971, during the sessions that became the band’s untitled fourth album. However, Zeppelin held on to the song, releasing it on their 1975 double-LP… Read More 
Down by the seaside
See the boats go sailing
Can the people hear
Oh, what the little fish are saying?

Oooh
Oooh
Oh, oh
The people turned away, oh
The people turned away

Down in the city streets
See all the folk go racing, racing
No time left, oh no
To pass the time of day

Oooh
Oooh
Hey, hey, yeah
The people turned away
The people turned away

So far away, so far away
See how they run, see how they run
See how they run, see how they run
Do you still do the twist?
Do you find you remember things that well?
I wanna tell you
Some go twisting every day
Though sometimes it's awful hard to tell
Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh, ohh

Out in the country
Hear the people singing
Singing about their growin'
Knowing where they're goin'
Yeah, yeah

Oooh
Oooh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
The people turned away, yeah
The people turned away

Sing loud for the sunshine
Pray hard for the rain
And show your love for Lady Nature
And she will come back again
Yeah, yes, she will

Oooh
Oooh
Oh, oh, oh
The people turned away
The people turned away

[Song 55: Travelling Riverside Blues]
24 ContributorsTravelling Riverside Blues LyricsLike a number of Zeppelin hits, this was adapted from an original recording by an African American blues musician. In this case, Robert Johnson.
Hey
That's right

Asked sweet mama, let me be her kid
She said, "You might get hurt if you don't keep it hid"
Well, I, I know my baby if I see her in the dark
I said I know my rider if I see her in the dark

Now, I'm going to Rosedale, take my rider by my side
Still barrelhouse, but it's on the riverside, yeah
I know my baby, Lord, I said, is really sloppy drunk
I know my mama, Lord, a brown-skin, but she ain't no plum, uh-huh
See my baby, tell her, tell her hurry home
Had no loving since my baby been gone, yeah
See my baby, tell her hurry on home
I ain't had, Lord, my right mind
Since my rider's been gone

Hey, mama says she's my rider
I wanna tell you she's my rider
I know you're mine, she's my rider
She ain't but sixteen, but she's my rider
I'm going to Rosedale, take my rider by my side
Anybody ask you and me met, I keep them satisfied
But, uh, see my baby, tell her, tell her to shape I’m in
Ain't no lovin’, Lord, since you nowhere

Ah, yeah
My, my, my, my
Ah, won’t you come in my kitchen?

She's a kindhearted baby
She studies evil all the time
She's a kindhearted woman
She studies evil all the time
Squeeze my lemon till the juice runs down my leg
Squeeze it so hard I fall right out of bed
If you squeeze my lemon
Till the juice runs down my leg
I wonder if you know what I'm talking about
Oh, but the way that you squeeze it, girl
I swear I'm going to fall right out of bed
Ah, she's a good rider

Hey, yeah
She's my kindhearted lady
I'm going to take my rider by my side, yeah
I said her front teeth are lined with gold
She's got a mortgage on my body, got a lien on my soul
She's my brown-skin sugar plum

[Song 56: The Crunge]
27 ContributorsThe Crunge LyricsThis song is a tribute to James Brown, including out-of-time breaks (4/4 with an extra beat exclamation every few lines such as when Robert says and! and Hey!).
On James Brown recordings, the song would… Read More 
"Do you want to take it away, John?"
"If you like, Jim"

I wanna tell you about my good thing
I ain't disclosing no names, but
He sure is a good friend, and
I ain't gonna tell you where he comes from, boy
If I tell you, you won't come again-oh, hey
I ain't gonna tell you nothing, but I do will, but I know, yeah!
Now let me tell you about my girl
I open up a newspaper, and what do I see?

Ah, ah
See my girl, ah, looking at me

Ooh, and when she walks, she walks
Let me tell you, when she talks, she talks
And when she looks me in my eye
She's my baby, Lord, I wanna make her mine
Ooh, tell me, baby, what you want me to do
And you want me to love you, love some other men?
Ooh, ain't gonna call me Mr. Pitiful, no!
Ah, I don't need no respect from nobody, no, no

Ah yeah, no, no
Ah

I ain't gonna tell you nothing, I ain't gonna tell you no more, no!
She's my baby, let me tell you that I love her so and, and!
She is the woman I really wanna love, and let me tell you more
Ooh! She's my baby, let me tell you, she lives next door
She's the one a woman, the one a woman that I know
I ain't going, I ain't going, I ain't going to tell
I ain't going to tell you one thing
That you really ought to know, boy!
She's my lover, baby, and I love her so, and
She's the one that really makes me whirl and twirl, and!
She's the kind of lover that makes me feel the whole world, and
She's the one who really makes me jump and shout, oh!
She's the kind of girl, I know what it's all about!
Take it on
Take it, take it, take it

Ah, excuse me
Oh, will you excuse me?
I'm just trying to find the bridge!
Has anybody seen the bridge?
Please!
(Have you seen the bridge?)
I ain't seen the bridge!
(Where's that confounded bridge?)

[Song 57: Sick Again]
26 ContributorsSick Again Lyrics“Sick Again” describes an experience with a groupie, which is someone, usually a woman, who tries to have sex with band members, sometimes in search of her own fame.
From the window of your rented limousine
I caught your pretty blue eyes
One day soon, you're gonna reach sixteen
Painted lady in the city of lies

Oh, do you know my name?
Do I look the same?
You know I'm the one you want, babe
I must be the one you need, yeah

Clutching pages from your teenage dream
In the lobby of the Hotel Paradise
Through the circus of the L.A. queens
How fast you'll learn the downhill slide

Oh, how you like my face?
Still don't know your name
You know I'm the one you want, babe, ooh, yes
I must be the one you need, need, need, need, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, you've got to tell me


Just a minute, just a minute

Lips like cherries on the brow of a queen
Come on, flash across in my eyes
Said you dug me since you were thirteen
Then you giggle as you heave and sigh

Oh, do you know my name?
Do I look the same?
Baby, I gotta tell you, I'm the one you want
And everybody know I'm the one you need, yeah

Oh, give it to me
Come on now
Come on now
Come on now

Hours, hours, and the moments in between
Oh, baby, how the time flies
The fun of coming, oh, the pain in leaving
Baby, dry those silver eyes

Oh, do you know my name?
Do I look the same?
You know I'm the one you want, ooh, yes
I'm the one you need, yeah

Ooh, that's right
Ooh, yeah, that's right
Ooh, that's right
That's right
That's right
Ooh, yeah, that's right
That's right
Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah
*Cough*

[Song 58: Out on the Tiles]
21 ContributorsOut on the Tiles LyricsOut on the Tiles was the fifth song on Led Zeppelin’s experimental album Led Zeppelin III.
The song is one of few that gives writing credits to drummer John Bonham; the story goes that Bonham would regularly… Read More 
As I walk down the highway
All I do is sing a song
And a train that's passin' my way
Helps the rhythm move along
There is no doubt about the words are clear
The voice is strong, it's oh so strong

I'm just a simple guy
I live from day to day
A ray of sunshine melts my frown
And blows my blues away
There's nothing more that I can say
But on a day like today I pass the time away
And walk a quiet mile with you

All I need from you is all your love
All you got to give to me is all your love
All I need from you is all your love
All you got to give to me is all your love
Oooh yeah, oooh yeah
Oooh yeah, oooh yeah

I'm so glad I'm living (Stop!)
Gonna tell the world I am
I got me a fine woman
And she says that I'm her man
One thing that I know for sure
Gonna give her all the loving
Like nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody can

Standing in the noonday sun
Trying to flag a ride
People go, and people come
See my rider right by my side
It's a total disgrace, they set the pace
It must be a race, and the best thing I can do is run

All I need from you is all your love
All you got to give to me is all your love
All I need from you is all your love
All you got to give to me is all your love
Oooh yeah, oooh yeah
Oooh yeah, oooh yeah

Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah yeah
Oh, da da da 70 more
All I do is say let's keep on
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Aah ah ah yeah yeah
Aaaahhh yeah yeah

[Song 59: The Wanton Song]
22 ContributorsThe Wanton Song Lyrics“The Wanton Song” was a result of soundchecks on Led’s 1973 tour. Jimmy Page decided to work on the song at his manor house, changing it to feature a sharp aggressive riff between two notes one octave apart… Read More 
Silent woman in the night, you came
Took my seed from my shaking frame
Same old fire, another flame
And the wheel rolls on

Silent woman through the flames, you come
From the deep behind the sun
Kissed my nightmares, my loving gun
Left me barely holding on, oh


With blazing eyes you see my trembling hand
When we know the time has come
Lose my senses, lose command
Feel your healing rivers run

Is it every time I fall
That I think this is the one?
Ooh, in the darkness can you hear me call?
Another day has just begun
Another day, yeah


Ooooh

Silent woman, my face is changed
Some know in ways to come
Feel my fire needs a brand new flame
And the wheel rolls on, rolls on
Rolls on, rolls on, babe, oooooooh

[Song 60: Tea for One]
26 ContributorsTea for One LyricsThis slow blues epic is the last song on Zeppelin’s 1976 album ‘Presence’. It follows the same chord progression as the ‘70 Zeppelin song “Since I’ve Been Loving You.” According to Jimmy Page, he wanted to do… Read More 
How come twenty-four hours
Baby, sometimes seem to slip into days?
Oh, twenty-four hours
Baby, sometimes seem to slip into days, yeah?
When a minute seems like a lifetime
Oh, baby, when I feel this way

Sitting, looking at the clock
Oh, time moves so slow
I've been watchin' for the hands to move
Until I just can't look no more

How come twenty-four hours
Baby, sometimes seems to slip into days?
A minute seems like a lifetime
Baby, when I feel this way



To sing a song for you
I recall you used to say
"Oh, baby, this one's for we two"
Which in the end is you anyway

How come twenty-four hours
Baby, sometimes seem to slip into days?
A minute seems like a lifetime
Oh, baby, when I feel this way

There was a time that I stood tall
In the eyes of other men
But by my own choice I left you, woman
And now I can't get back again

How come twenty-four hours
Sometimes seem to slip into days, days?
Well, well, well, a minute seems like a lifetime
Baby, when I feel this way
A minute seems like a lifetime
Oh, baby, when I feel this way
I feel this way

[Song 61: For Your Life]
23 ContributorsFor Your Life Lyrics“For Your Life” criticizes the use of drugs, most notably cocaine, which is directly referenced in the lyrics. It was inspired by a female friend of Plant who had ruined her life by abusing drugs.
The track… Read More 
Well, well
Oh...
Oh, oh, oh

You said I was the only
With my lemon in your hand
Uh oh, uh oh
Exhibition is your habit
Emotion second hand
Uh oh, uh oh
Had to pull away to save me
Maybe next time around, ohh...
And she said, "Don't you want it?
Don't you want cocaine, cocaine, cocaine?"
Hadn't planned to, could not stand to
Try it, fry it, na na na na yeah

Ooooh oooh
Heard a cry for mercy
In the city of the damned
Uh oh, baby, damned
In the pits you go no lower
The next stop's underground
Oh, hello, underground
Your wine and roses ain't quite over
‘Cause fate deals a losing hand
And I said, didn't mean to
Did not mean to f-fail
You didn't plan it, you overran it


Do you want it? Do you want to
Do it when you wanna?
Do you want it? Do you want to
Do it when you wanna?

When you blow it, babe
You got to blow it right
Oh, baby, if you fake it, mama
Baby, fake with all your might
When you fake it, mama
Please fake it right for yourself, babe
When you f-f-f-fake it, baby
You're faking it for your life, for your life
For your life, for your life

Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
Do it when you wanna
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
Do it when you wanna


Oh, I can have you, baby
But I don't know what to do, yeah
Sometime, baby
Nothing I could do, yeah
On the balance of a crystal
Paying through the nose
*Snort*
And when they couldn't resist you
I thought you'd go with the flow
And now your stage is empty
Bring down the curtain, baby, please
Fold up your show-oh-oh
Hadn't planned to
Could not stand to fry in it
I hadn't planned it
I overran it, frying
For your life, for your life

[Song 62: In the Evening]
24 ContributorsIn the Evening LyricsWhile “In The Evening” never made it as a single, it still managed to be noted by RollingStone as having the only great guitar riff on In Through the Out Door. Lyrically the song is simple, with vocalist… Read More 
In the evening
When the day is done
I'm looking for a woman
Oh, but the girl don't come
So don't let her
Play you for a fool
She don't show no pity, baby
No, no, she don't make no rules

Oh, I need your love
I need your love
Oh, I need your love
I just got to have

So don't you let her
Oh, get under your skin
It's only bad luck and trouble
Oh, from the day that you begin
I hear you crying in the darkness
No, don't ask nobody's help
Oh, ain't no pockets full of mercy, baby
Because you can only blame yourself

Oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, need your love
Ooh, yeah, I need your love
I got to have

Ooh, it's simple
All the pain that you go through
You can turn away from fortune, fortune, fortune
Because that's all that's left to you
Hey, it's lonely at the bottom
Man, it's dizzy at the top
But if you're standing in the middle, oh, oh, kh
Ain't no way you're gonna stop
Oh, baby

Oh, oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
I've got to have



Ooh, whatever
That your days may bring
No use hiding in a corner, oh, no
'Cause that won't change a thing
If you're dancing in the doldrums
One day soon, it's got to stop, it's got to stop
When you're the master of the off-chance
Well, you don't expect a lot, oh

Oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
Ooh, yeah, I need your love
I've got to have, I've got to have

Aw, baby, I've got to have your love
I've got to have
Oh, babe, I've got to have your love
Oh, oh, have your love
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I've got to have your love
Just got to
I just got
I just got to, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

[Song 63: Boogie with Stu]
23 ContributorsBoogie with Stu LyricsStu refers to Ian Stewart, who played the piano.
He was also the piano player for the Rolling Stones, though he only appeared on albums, and not live, because management didn’t think he fit the image.
This… Read More 
Been in town, my baby, we just got to rock on
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, darling, we just got to go home
I don't want no tutti-frutti, no lollipop
Come on, baby, just rock, rock, rock

Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, honey
We've been shaking all night
Oh, oh, oh, oh darling, we just got to roll right
Aaah, ooh, my head, rock on, rock on


Hey babe, hey babe, hey babe, hey babe
Hey babe, hey babe, hey babe, hey babe
I don't want no tutti-frutti, no lollipop
Come on baby, just rock, rock, rock

Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
Oohoo oohoo oohoo oohoo oohoo
Let's go out


Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
Ooh hoo, ooh hoo
I don't want no tutti-frutti, no lollipop
Come on baby, just rock, rock, yeah

[Song 64: Black Country Woman]
21 ContributorsBlack Country Woman Lyrics“Black Country Woman” is an acoustic track, dripping with desire like many other tracks on the album. It was recorded in Mick Jagger’s garden in 1972, and was originally intended for Houses Of the Holy, but… Read More 
Shall we roll it, Jimmy?
We're rolling on, what, one?
No, one again?
*Airplane heard flying overhead*
Got to get this airplane off
Naw, leave it, yeah

Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?
You didn't have to tell me that you love me so
You didn't have to love me, mama, let me go
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?
You didn't have to make me a total disgrace
You didn't have to leave me with that beer in my face
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?
That's alright, it's awful dog-gone clear

Hey, hey, baby, why you treat me mean?
Oh, oh, baby, why you treat me mean?
You didn't have to crucify me like you did
You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid
Hey, hey, mama, why'd you treat me mean?
You didn't have say you'd always be by my side
You didn't have to tell me you'd be my blushing bride
Hey, hey, mama, why you treat me mean?
But that's alright, I know your sisters, too

You didn't have to tell me that you love me so
You didn't have to leave me, mama, let me go
Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you?
You didn't have to leave me like a total disgrace
You didn't have to leave me with that beer on my face
Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you?
Oh, but that's alright, I'd be the same way, too

Oh yeah, oh
Oooh, yeah
Oooh

Now now now, you didn't have to crucify me like you did
You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?
You didn't have to tell me you would be my own
You didn't have to tell me, baby, let me go
Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you?
That's alright, I know your sister, too
Ooh, yeah yeah
Ooh yeah
Ooh, yeah yeah
Ooh, yeah yeah
Ooh yeah
Oh

What's the matter with you, mama?

[Song 65: Hot Dog]
21 ContributorsHot Dog LyricsSome Zeppelin fans love it and some hate it, but there’s no denying there’s country at its heart.  John Paul Jones plays a wicked honky tonk piano, Page plays country-fried guitar, and Plant does his best… Read More 
One, two, three, four
Oh, hot dog

Well-a-well-a, I just got into town today
To find my girl who's gone away
She took the Greyhound at the general store
I searched myself, I searched the town
When I finally did sit down
I find myself no wiser than before

She said we couldn't do no wrong
No other love could be so strong
She locked up my heart in her bottom drawer
Now she took my heart, she took my keys
From in my old blue dungarees
And I'll never go to Texas anymore

Now my baby's gone, I don't know what to do
She took my love and walked right out the door
And if I ever find that girl, I know one thing for sure
I'm going to give her something like she's never had before

I took her love at seventeen
A little late these days, it seems
But they said heaven's well worth waiting for
I took her word, I took it all
Beneath the sign that said "U-Haul"
She left angels hanging round for more
Ah, oh!


Well
Now my baby's gone, I don't know what to do
She took my love and walked right out the door
And if I ever find that girl, I know one thing for sure
I'm going to give her something like she's never had before, yeah

I thought I had it all sewn up
Our love, a plot, a pickup truck
But folks said she was after something more
I never did quite understand
All that talk about rocking bands
But they just rolled my doll right out the door
Oh yeah, they just rolled my doll right out the door
Why, well, they just rolled my doll right out the door

[Song 66: Black Mountain Side]
20 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishBlack Mountain Side LyricsAlthough Page claimed writing credits on this song, it’s actually a traditional folk song. Additionally, Page’s arrangement and entire fingerpicking style is almost identical to those of the Bert Jansch… Read More 
Your time is gonna come

[Song 67: Night Flight]
21 ContributorsNight Flight LyricsThis song was mostly written by John Paul Jones, whom is listed with writing credits first. Jimmy Page’s guitar is played through a Leslie speaker on this track. The song was originally recorded during… Read More 
I received a message from my brother across the water
He sat laughing as he wrote, "The end's in sight"
So I said goodbye to all my friends and packed my hopes inside a matchbox
'Cause I know it's time to fly

Oh, yeah, come on, meet me in the morning
Meet me in the middle of the night
Ah, yeah, the morning light is coming
Don't it make you wanna go and feel alright?
Ooh yeah, ah hah

I just jumped a train that never stops
So now somehow I know I'll never finish paying for my ride
Someone pushed a gun into my hand
Tell me I'm the type of man to fight the fight without inquiring

Oh, yeah-ha come on, meet me in the morning
Won't you meet me in the middle of the night, night, night, yeah?
Oh, well, the morning light is coming
Don't it make you wanna go and feel alright?

Oh, mama, well, I think it's time I'm leaving
Nothing here to make me stay
Whoa, mama, well, it must be time I'm going
They're knocking down them doors, they're trying to take me away
Please, Mr. Brakeman, won't you ring your bell
And ring it loud and clear?
Please, Mr. Fireman, won't you ring your bell?
Tell the people they got to fly away from here

Oh, I once saw a picture of a lady with a baby
Southern lady, had a very, very special smile
We are in the middle of a change in destination
When the train stops, all together we will smile

Oh, come on, come on now, meet me in the morning
Won't you meet me in the middle of the night, night, n-n-night?
Oh, oh yeah, everybody know the morning time is coming
Don't it make you wanna feel alright? Ah, ah, yeah

Make me feel alright
Fly now, baby
Get to fly, yeah
Fly now, baby
Oh, hey hey
Uh, uh, uh, uh

[Song 68: Carouselambra]
20 ContributorsCarouselambra LyricsClocking in as Led Zeppelin’s second longest studio recording, Carouselambra has an astounding length of 10 minutes 34 seconds.
This was the only occasion in which Jimmy Page used his Gibson EDS-1275 on an… Read More 

Sisters of the wayside bide their time in quiet peace
Await their place within the ring of calm
Still stand to turn in seconds of release
Await the call they know may never come
In times of lightness, no intruder dared upon
To jeopardize the course, upset the run
And all was joy, and hands were raised toward the sun
As love in the halls of plenty overrun

Ah, ah, ah, ah

Still in their bliss unchallenged mighty feast
Unending dances shadowed on the day
Within the wall, their daunting formless keep
Preserved their joy that kept their doubts at bay
Faceless legions stood in readiness to weep
Just turn a coin, bring order to the fray
And everything is soon, no sooner thought than deed
But no one seemed to question in any way

Ah, ah, ah, ah

How keen the storied hunter's eye prevails upon the land
To seek the unsuspecting and the weak
And powerless the fabled sat, too smug to lift a hand
Toward the foe that threatened from the deep
Who cares to dry the cheeks of those who saddened stand
Adrift upon a sea of futile speech?
And to fall to fate and make the 'status plan'
But no one there had heaven within their reach

I said yeah
Ah, ah, ah, ah

Oh, oh oh, oh oh
Oh
Oh oh, oh
Oh


Where was your word, where did you go?
Where was your helping, where was your bow, bow?
Oh

Dull is the armour, cold is the day
Hard was the journey, dark was the way, way

I heard the word, I couldn't stay, oh
I couldn't stand it another day, another day
Another day, another day
Another day


Touched by the timely coming
Roused from the keeper's sleep
Release the grip, throw down the key

Held now within the knowing
Rest now within the peace
Take of the fruit, but guard the seed
They had to stay!

Held now within the knowing
Rest now within the beat
Take of the fruit, but guard the seed
Oh, take of the fruit, but guard the seed

[Song 69: Hats Off to (Roy) Harper]
14 ContributorsHats Off to (Roy) Harper LyricsThe song is both a tribute to contemporary folk singer Roy Harper and the influential American blues singer who recorded from the 1930s to the 1970s.
According to Page, during recording sessions for Led… Read More 
Mmm, a, mmm, a, mmm, a mmm, a mmm, a come on down

When I done quit hollering, baby
I believe I'll shake 'em on down
Get my babe, won't be late
You know by that I mean ah, seconds late
Ah, must I holler?
Must I shake 'em on down?

Well, I've done quit hollerin', baby
I believe I'll shake 'em on down
Shake 'em
Aaahhh

Well, I ain't no monkey
I can't climb no tree
No brown-skin woman gonna make no monkey out of me
Yeah, I ain't no monkey
Sure can't climb no tree

I been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down
Well, I've been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down
Mmm, ha ha
Ha ha haha, ha ha haha, ha ha haha, ha ha hahaaaaaaa.....

Listen, mama, put on your mornin' gown
Put on your nightshirt, mama
We going to shake them down, yeah
Must I holler?
Must I, must I, must I shake them on down?

Ooh, I've done been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down

Gave my baby a twenty-dollar bill
If that don't get her, I'm sure my shot, shot, shot-gun will
Yeah, I gave my baby a twenty-dollar bill
Well, if that don't get that woman, I'm sure my shot-gun will
I'm gonna go shoot her now

[Song 70: I’m Gonna Crawl]
17 ContributorsI’m Gonna Crawl LyricsAs with most of the album, “I’m Gonna Crawl” was mostly composed by John Paul Jones due to Page and Bonham turning up late in the evening for recording. The main influence of the song was soul singer Wilson… Read More 
Oh she's my baby
Let me tell you why
Hey, she drives me crazy
She's the apple of my eye

Because she is my girl
And she can never do wrong
If I dream too much at night
Somebody please bring me down

Hey, I love that little lady
I got to be her fool
Ain't no other like my baby
I can break the golden rule

Cause I get down on my knees
Oh, I pray that love won't die
And if I always try to please
I don't know the reason why, yeah

If she would come back, only stay with me
Every little bit, every little bit
Every little bit of my love, I give to you girl
Every little bit, every little bit
Every little bit, every, every little bit of my love

Hit me!

I don't have to go by plane
I ain't gotta go by car
I don't care just where my darling is
People, I just don't care how far

I'm gonna crawl
I'm gonna crawl, now
I don't care if I got to go back home
I don't care what I got to stand again, babe

I'm gonna crawl
I'm gonna crawl
Ah, woohoo
I don't wanna go, baby

Hey, she give me good loving
She give me good loving
She give me good loving
She give me good loving
My baby give me good loving

Yes I love her
I guess I love her
Yes I love her
I wanna crawl

[Song 71: Bron-Yr-Aur]
13 ContributorsBron-Yr-Aur LyricsThe gentle and intense acoustic piece Bron-Yr-Aur is the perfect segue into “Down by the Seaside”.
Originally written for Led Zeppelin III. It’s the shortest song recorded by Zep. Played in the open C6… Read More This song is an instrumental

[Song 72: Hots On for Nowhere]
22 ContributorsHots On for Nowhere Lyrics“Hots On For Nowhere”, the sixth track on Led Zep’s seventh studio album, Presence, is a familiar nod to their earlier roots – a folk rock/blues rock mix with an upbeat tune and carefree lyrics that carry… Read More 
I was burned in the heat of the moment
Though it could've been the heat of the day
When I learned how my time had been wasted
Tear fell as I turned away

Now, I've got friends who will give me their shoulder
When I should happen to fall
The time and his bride growing older
I've got friends who will give me fuck all

Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala, my baby
Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala

Corner of Bleecker and nowhere
In the land of not-quite-day
A shiver runs down my backbone
Face in the mirror turns grey

So looked round to hitch up the reindeer
Searching hard trying to brighten the day
I turned around to look for the snowman
To my surprise he'd melted away, yeah

Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala, my baby
Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala

The moon and the stars call the order
Inside my tides dance the ebb and sway
The sun in my soul's sinking lower
While the hope in my hands turns to clay

I don't ask that my field's full of clover
I don't moan at opportunity's door
And if you ask my advice, take it slower
Then your story'd be your finest reward

Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala, my baby
Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala, now do it

(Oh) oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh


Lost on the path to attainment
Search in the eyes of the wise
When I bled from the heart of the matter
I started bleeding without a disguise

Now that everything's fine under heaven
Now and then you've got to take time to pause
When you're down on the ground, don't be messing around
Or you'll land in a boat without oars

Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala, my baby
Lalalalalalalalaa, yeah
Lalalalalalalala

Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Hey babe
I lost my way
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
I really, really do now
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
I don't know where I'm going to find it
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Hey babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Do you want to know?
Do you really, really, want to help me, yeah?

Let me tell you now, babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Let me tell you (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
That it feels so good that it must be right
Now my babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Let me tell you (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
That it feels so good that it must be right
Now my babe (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Let me tell you (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
That it feels so, that it feels so, that it feels so, that it feels so good (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
So good (Oh, oh, oh, oh), so good, oh yes

[Song 73: Royal Orleans]
16 ContributorsRoyal Orleans Lyrics
One-time love, take care how you use it
Try to make it last all night
And if you take your pick, be careful how you choose it
Sometimes it's hard to feel it bite
Feel it bite

A man I know went down to Louisiana
Had himself a bad, bad fight
And when the sun peeked through
John Cameron with Suzanna
He kissed the whiskers, left and right
Whiskers

Now, now, now, fright subsides
At a hotel in the quarter
Our friends check in to pass the night
Now love gets hot, but fire preceded water
Poor whiskers set that room alight


Whiskers

Down on Bourbon Street, you know it's right
You can see my friend
They run around all through the night
Most everywhere
Until the closet's bare
Run for the razor burn
Doin' up my hair

New Orleans queens
Sure know how to schmooze it
Maybe for some that seems all right
When I step out
Strut down with my sugar
She'd best not talk like Barry White

Now, one-time love, take care how you use it
Try to make it last all night
And if you take your pick, be careful how you choose it
Sometimes it's hard to feel it bite

[Song 74: South Bound Saurez]
11 ContributorsSouth Bound Saurez Lyrics
Baby, when you walk that sweet walk
Oh, you walk it good, yes, you walk it good
Baby, when you talk that sweet talk
It sounds so good, oh, so good

With a little bit of concentration
And a little bit of helping hands, yeah
And a little bit of raving madness, hey
You know it makes me feel, baby
Both my feet are back on the ground

And when the rhythm takes me
It feels so good, oh, so good
Baby, if it keeps a-shaking
It will do you good, oh, so much good

With a little bit of stop-a-shaking, shaking
And a little bit of fly right down
Woo, just a little bit of sweet con-carne, yeah
It makes me feel, makes me feel
I got my feet on the ground


Ooh, now baby, a-when you move, it makes me, yeah
Really feel so good, oh, so good
And I'm so glad, so glad, so glad, so glad
And I'm good, oh, so good

With a little bit of, ooh, ah, concentration
Just a little bit of a-helping hands, yeah
With a little bit of raving madness
It makes me feel, oh-ho, it makes me feel
I'm back on the ground
Oh, yes, it sure does
It makes me feel, hey, yeah, back on the ground
Suarez! Suarez!
Baby, baby, you back on the ground, yeah!

I'm good, yeah
I'm feeling good, yeah, hey
I'm feeling good, yeah
I'm feeling good, yeah, hey
Down on the ground (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
(Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
(Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
(Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
(Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah(Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
I'm feeling good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
(Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
Suarez! (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
Suarez! (Sha-la-la-la, sha-la-la-la-la)
Suarez! (Sha-la-la-la...)

[Song 75: Candy Store Rock]
17 ContributorsCandy Store Rock Lyrics
Well
Oh, baby, baby, don't you want a man like me?
Oh, baby, baby, I'm just as sweet as anybody could be
Oh, baby, baby, I want to look to your eyes of blue
Oh, baby, baby, it's more than anybody else could do

Well
Oh, baby, baby, you know when I see you walking down the street
Oh, baby, baby, well you looking good enough to eat
Oh, baby, baby, I don't believe I've tasted this before
Oh, baby, baby, I want it now and every mouthful more of you

Talk about you, you, talk about you

Oh, baby, baby, you know that I wanted it more
Oh, baby, baby, I'm about to kiss goodbye to this store
Oh, baby, baby, it ain't the wrapping that sells the goods
Oh, baby, baby, I got a sweet tooth when my mouth is full of you

Talk about you, ooh, you, talk about you
You, talk about you, ooh, you, talk about you

Ooh, ooh
Baby, it's alright, it's alright
Ooh, ooh
Baby, it's alright, it's alright

Well
Oh, baby, baby, oh you sting like a bee
Oh, baby, baby, I like your honey and it sure likes me
Oh, baby, baby, I got my spoon inside your jar
Oh, baby, baby, don't give me too much, don't make me starve

Oh, baby, baby, sugar sister on a silver plate
Oh, baby, baby, I need a mouthful and I just can't wait, no
Oh, baby, baby, see the shaking in my hand
Oh, baby, baby, don't mean to fumble but it tastes so grand
Tastes so grand, tastes so grand
Tastes so grand, tastes so grand

Ooh, ooh, yeah
Baby, it's alright, oh, it's alright
Ooh, ooh
Oh, baby, it's alright, oh, it's alright
Ooh, ooh
It's alright, oh, it's alright
Ooh, ooh
It's alright, yeah, it's alright
Ooh, ooh
It's alright, it's alright
Ooh, ooh, ooh
It's alright, it's alright
Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah
It's alright, it's alright
Ooh, ooh, yeah
Alright

[Song 76: Poor Tom]
16 ContributorsPoor Tom LyricsThis song was composed in 1970 at Olympic Studios, during the recording sessions for Led Zeppelin III. Seeing as it did not end up on a studio album, it was later included on Coda in 1982.
Here's a tale of Tom
Who worked the railroads long
His wife would cook his meal
As he would change the wheel

Poor Tom, seventh son
Always knew what was going on
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom

Worked for thirty years
Sharing hopes and fears
Dreaming of the day
He could turn and say

Poor Tom, work is done
Been lazing out in the noonday sun
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom

His wife was Annie Mae
With any man a game she would play
When Tom was out of town
She couldn't keep her dresses down

Poor Tom, seventh son
Always knew what was going on
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom

And so it was one day
People got to Annie Mae
Tom stood, a gun in his hand
And stopped her running around

Poor Tom, seventh son
Gotta die for what you have done
All those years of work are thrown away
To ease your mind is that all you can say?

But what about that grandson on your knee?
Them railroad songs, Tom would sing to me
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom
Hey
Keep-a truckin'
Keep-a truckin'
Hey

[Song 77: Wearing and Tearing]
15 ContributorsWearing and Tearing LyricsThis track, Led Zeppelin’s swan song (as the final track on their final album), was recorded on November 21st of 1978
Much as early Led Zep music reflected and innovated on the blues rock, psychedelic rock… Read More 
It starts out like a murmur
Then it grows like thunder
Until it bursts inside of you
Try to hold it steady
Wait until you're ready
Any second now will do
Throw the door wide open
Not a word is spoken
Anything that you want to do

And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know

Ah, don't you feel the same way?
Ah, don't you feel the same way?
But you don't know what to do?
No time for hesitatin'
Ain't no time for hesitatin'
All you got to do is move
They say you're feeling blue, well
I just found a cure
It's a thing you gotta do, yeah

And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know

Now listen
Well you say your body's aching?
Well, I know that it's aching
Chill bumps come up on you
Yeah, the funny fool
I love the funny fool
Just like fooling after school
And then you ask for medication
Who cares for medication?
When you've worn away the cure?

And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know

Go back to the country
Yeah, go back to the country
Feel a change is good for you
When you keep convincing
Ah, don't keep convincing
Well, what's that creeping up behind a' you?
It's just an old friend
It's just an old friend
And what's that he's got for you?

And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know
And you know, and you know, and you know

Do your dance, do your dance, do your dance
Do your dance, do your dance, do your dance
Do your dance, do your dance, do your dance
Ooh, medication
Medication!
Medication!

[Song 78: The Girl I Love She Got Long Black Wavy Hair]
5 ContributorsThe Girl I Love She Got Long Black Wavy Hair Lyrics
Whoa, the girl I love, she got long black wavy hair
I do declare!
The girl I love, yeah, she got long black wavy hair
Ah yeah
Her Mother and her Father, Lord
They sure do not, sure do not allow me there
Well I, I am going back to my baby, Lord I
I swear I would not lie, yeah
I never saw that sweet woman yeah in-a
A-five long years gone by, yeah
Well I am going home, I am going home
Cause she is a sweet little darling, ah
I said I been away, ahh-far too long
I been away too long
Take it Jimmy!
Well, my baby when
She shakes just like a willow tree
Yes she does
My baby, when she walks, you know
She shakes like a willow tree, yeah
Ah-that mean, mistreating baby she know she
Harps, harps all over me
Oh

Yeah!
Alright!
Harps over me

[Song 79: Darlene]
10 ContributorsDarlene LyricsOh yeah
Darlene
Ooh, Darlene
Ooh, Darlene
Ooh, yeah
Darlene
Oh, oh, Darlene
Oh, oh, oh, Darlene
Ooh, come on, baby give me, me some
When I see you at that dance
With your tight dress on
What you got, it sure is fine
I want to get me some
Darlene
Ooh, baby baby, Darlene
Ooh, be my baby, Darlene
Ooh, come on, baby
Come on, come on, come on, my babe
Darlene
Ooh, Darlene
Hey hey, Darlene
Oh oh, come back and be my sweet little girl

When I see you on the street
It makes my heart go flitter
I see you walking with all those guys
It makes me feel so sick

Now I don't care what people say
And I don't care what they do
Sweet child, I gotta make you mine
You're the only thing that I want: you, yeah
And, baby baby, when you walk down the block
See the people walk by
Woo, child, y'know you drive me wild!
I got to do it with you, come on, try
Ooh baby, I got my car
I will take you where it's fine
I'm going to take you every place
Do you wanna boogie-woogie-woogie-woogie-woogie? That's fine
I'm going to boogie, Darlene
I'm going to make you my girl
I'm going to boogie, Darlene
I'm going to send you in another world

'Cause I love you, Darlene
And I love you, yes, I do
I've been saving all my money
I've been working all day long
I gotta give it all back to you
Oh, but I love you, Darlene
'Cause I love you, yes, I do
I've been working, it's true
I've been working everyday
I've been trying to get it home for you
And I love you, Darlene
Yes I love you, I do
I got a pink carnation and a pickup truck
Saving it all for you
Oh, I love you
Go
Go, go, go, go, go

[Song 80: We’re Gonna Groove]
9 ContributorsWe’re Gonna Groove Lyrics
Hear my baby comin' down the track
Betcha my baby's comin' back
Someday she get back to me
Whoa, we're gonna raise a family

We gonna groove, yeah groove
And we're gonna groove, whoa, whoa, my baby
We're gonna love, love, love
Till the break of day

Sweet as sweet as sweet can be
You don't know whatcha do to me
Let me say you're my one desire
You just set my soul on fire

We're gonna groove, yeah groove
And we're gonna groove, baby, baby, baby
We're gonna love, love, love, love
Till the break of day


Sweet as sweet as sweet can be
Lemme tell ya you don't know whatcha do to me
You just set my soul on fire
Woman, you know you're my one desire
My one desire, my one

We're gonna groove, whoa, we're gonna groove
We're gonna groove, yeah
And we're gonna love, love, love
Till the break of day

We're gonna groove, yeah groove
And we're gonna groove
Love me, mama, yeah

[Song 81: Baby, Come On Home]
9 ContributorsBaby, Come On Home Lyrics“Baby, Come On Home” is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin. It was recorded during sessions for the band’s first album, “Led Zeppelin” but remained unreleased until 1993, when it was included on the… Read More 
There was a time I used to call you on my very own
We were so happy, woman, talking for hours and hours on the telephone
Then one day I set you up to walk right out of my life
Leaving me all by myself, all alone, to cry every night

(Babe, babe, babe)
Oooh, I want you to come back home, yeah
(Come on home, oooh yeah) Sweet little girl (Been gone too long)
Been away so long

Now listen to me: I said I made up my mind
Woman, when you left me there, oh
I was going to find another sweet lover
Who is going to feel all of my, all of my, all of my cares
So I met a sweet little girl, just about as nice as she could be, oh
I fell in love with that woman, but she turned around
And did the same thing again to me, ooh

(Babe, babe, babe, come on home)
Oh, baby, baby, please come home, oh, yeah, darling
(Oh yeah, you been gone too long)
I know, been away so long
(Babe, babe, babe, come on home)
I want you to please come home, oh
(Oh yeah, you been gone too long)

So I made up my mind, I'm going to crawl right back to you, woman
I'm going to plead and plead and plead, yeah, till you're here by my side
I can't even walk down the same old streets we used to walk down
Because I keep thinking about all the good times
Keep thinking about it, I want to make you mine

Oh, babe, babe, babe, please come home, yeah (Come on home)
(Oh yeah, you been gone too long)
I want you to, ahhhh
(Babe, babe, babe, come on home)
I want you to come back right at home to me, woman
(Oh yeah, you been gone too long)
I want you to think about when we walk through the trees together
You know, we had such a real good time, whoa
Here we go, ...leaves always falling
(Babe, babe, babe, come on home)
You feel a brown leaf against your face
You want to sing and shout
(Oh yeah, you been gone too long)
Baby, baby, baby

[Song 82: Ozone Baby]
13 ContributorsOzone Baby Lyrics
I hear ya knock on my door
I ain't been saving this scene for ya honey
Don't want you ringing my bell
It's too late for you to be my honey

Ooh, it's my love
Ooh, it's my own true love
Ooh, it's my love
Ooh, it's my own true love
My own

Don't want you wasting my time
Tired of ya doing the things that you do
It's no use standing in line
Follow the line, you better follow queue

I say, ooooh, it's my love
Oooh, it's my own true love
I say, ooooh, it's my love
Oooh, it's my own true love
My own

I could sail a river run dead, but I know it's dead
I could I wish for a million, yeah, but I know it's dead
I could cry within the darkness, I sail away
I save a lifetime forever
But you know, you know, you know what I say

And I say Ooh, it's my love
Oooh, it's my own true love

[Song 83: Walter’s Walk]
10 ContributorsWalter’s Walk Lyrics
Oh, know I feel so strange looking out the door
Ah, trying hard to change and can't let it go
Oh, crying tears of pain, hurting more and more
Oh, every day's the same as you walk the floor

I'm walking the floor over you
I'm walking the floor

Every heart that breaks is a heart that's cold
Oh, to the hand that takes your dreamless soul
Oh, is it long to wait, is there much to pay?
Oh, sometimes it's hard waiting for the day

You know it's hard, I said it's hard
You know it's true
I said it's hard, you know it's hard
Still know it's true

Every tear that falls is a smile that's lost
When you hear the call, can you count the cost?
As you stand alone, do you wonder how?
Can you step aside, does it matter now?

Every love that's changed, spend it fully
In the eyes of the night, was it hard to see?
If it never fails in spite of it all
So you hide the tears, enter Walter's walk

You know it's true now
You know it's true now
Ooh, yeah


I am walking the floor over you
I am walking the floor

Every tear that falls is a smile that's lost
When you hear the call, can you count the cost?
As you stand alone, do you wonder how?
Can you step aside, does it matter now?

Does it matter now?
Does it, now does it matter?
Does it matter?

Ooh yeah
Ooh yeah
Ooh, little baby, don't you know
Every tear that falls, does it matter now?
Does it matter now?
Oh yeah
Oh yes
Oh yes

[Song 84: Bonzo’s Montreux]
8 ContributorsBonzo’s Montreux LyricsAn unused drum solo from John Bonham, released two years after his death in 1980. The song is the only Led Zeppelin song credited solely to Bonham.This song is an instrumental

[Song 85: I Can’t Quit You Baby (Coda)]
10 ContributorsI Can’t Quit You Baby (Coda) Lyrics
I can't quit you, baby
Woman, I think I'm gonna put you down for a little while
I can't quit you, babe
I think I'm gonna put you down for a while
I said you messed up my happy home
Made me mistreat my only child

You built my hopes so high
Baby then you let me down so low
You built my hopes so high
Then ya let me down, ya let me down, ya let me down so low

Don'tcha realize sweet, baby?
Woman, I don't know... which way to go


Woman, I can't quit you, babe
I think I'm gonna put you down for a while

[Song 86: Immigrant Song (How the West Was Won)]
6 ContributorsImmigrant Song (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Ah, ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

The hammer of the gods
Will drive our ships to new lands
To fight the horde, and sing and cry
Valhalla, I am coming, yeah

On we sweep with, with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore

Ah, ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow

How soft your fields so green
Can whisper tales of gore
Of how we calmed the tides of war
We are your overlords

On we sweep with, with threshing oars
Our only goal will be the western shore

Oh
I think you'd better stop
And rebuild all your ruins
For peace and trust can win the day despite, despite of all your losing
Right?

[Song 87: Whole Lotta Love (How the West Was Won)]
7 ContributorsWhole Lotta Love (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
You need coolin', woman, I ain't foolin'
I'm gonna send ya back to schoolin'
Way down inside, woman, you need love
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love, oh

Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love

You've been yearnin', baby, I been learnin'
All them good, good, good times, I've been miservin'
Way, way down inside, woman, you need love
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love, ah

Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ohhh-ohh oh
Oh oh
Yeah yeah
Oh, babe
Ahhh
Ahhh, ahh, ahh
Oh oh oh oh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
I don't want much, just a little bit
Just a little bit

You've been yearnin', baby, I've been learnin'
All on the good, good, good times, I've been miservin'
Way, way down inside, woman, you need love
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love

Oh, wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love

Oh, hoo hoo


One night, one ni-ee-ii-ee-i-i-ight
One night I was layin' down
I hear my mama and papa talking-ahh
I hear them say, "Lo-ooo-oh-ord
You've gotta let that boy b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-boo-gie"
I think John Lee Hooker said that
Oooh boogie boogie, oh boogie
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, boo-gie mama

A-mama done told me, a-papa done too
The way that you move, it's no good for you-yah
A-boogie mama, boogie mama
Boogie mama, boogie all night long

Baby told me late last night
"The way that ya move, it's just a little too tight
Shake it, baby, shake it, baby, shake it, baby
Shake it one time, one time"


Some people like to rock
Some people like to roll
But movin' and-a groovin' gonna
Satisfy my soul

Let's have a party, whoo
Let's have a party
Send 'im to the store, let's buy some more
Let's have a party tonight

No Honky-tonky Joe
Is knockin' at the door
So bring 'im in and fill 'im up
And send 'im t' buy some more

Let's have a party, whoo
Let's have a party
Ooh, send to the store let's buy some more
Let's have a party tonight, rock it


I've never kissed a bear
I've never kissed a goon
But I can shake a chicken
In the middle of

Let's have a party, ahh
Let's have a party
Send to the store, let's buy some more
Let's have a party tonight
We gonna have a party tonight


I said, "Hello, Mary Lou, goodbye, heart"
Sweet Mary Lou, I'm so in love with you
I knew Mary Lou, we'd never part
So hello, Mary Lou, goodbye, heart

She passed me by one sunny day, avoid those big brown eyes my way
Oooh, I never did see you before
I'm no one that gets around, swear my feet stuck to the ground
Ooh, I never did see you before

I said, "Hello, Mary Lou, ahh, goodbye, heart"
Sweet Mary Lou, I'm so in love with you
I knew Mary Lou, we'd never part
So, hello, Mary Lou, goodbye, heart, rock it, rock it, rock it


I saw your lips, I heard your voice, believe me, I just had no choice
Wild horses couldn't make me stay away
I'm not one that gets around, swear my feet stuck to the ground
Ooh, I never did see you before

I said, "Hello, Mary Lou, ahh goodbye, heart"
Sweet Mary Lou, I'm so in love with you
I knew Mary Lou, we'd never part
So, hello, Mary Lou, goodbye heart
I said, "Hello, Mary Lou, goodbye, heart"


Well, I did not say I was a millionaire
I said I could have spent more money than a millionaire
An' if you and I'd 've kept all the money that we already spent
We would have been millionaires a long, long, long time ago, don't you dig it?
And women, and women, good little women
Oh, I'm goin' down slow

I have had my fun
If I never, never, never, never, never get well no mo'
Ooooh, I have had my fun, children
If I never, never, never get well no mo'
Whoa, yes, my health is fadin'
Ooh yeah, I'm goin' down slow, it ain't all that bad
Hey!


Pleaaaaaaaaaaase write my mama
Tell her, tell her the shape I'm in
Please, please, please, please, please, please, oh-oh-oh, please write my mama
Tell her, oh, the shape I'm in
You can tell her to pray for me, pray for me
Please forgive me, whoa-oh-oooh-oh-oooh, whoa-ooh-oh
Forgive me for my sins

Woman, woman, woman, woman, woman, woman, woman, woman, woman

Way down inside
You need-yeah, love
All right
Shake for me, girl
I wanna be your backdoor man
Sho' nuff, sho' nuff
Keep a-coolin', baby
A-coolin', baby
Keep a-coolin', baby
Keep a-coolin', baby
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Boogie, boogie, boogie
Oh-aye-aye-aye-aye
Oh
Thank you, thank you very much

[Song 88: La La]
4 ContributorsLa La LyricsLa La is an instrumental track that appeared on the companion audio of the deluxe remastered Led Zeppelin II released in 2014. It is called La La (Backing Track), which most likely means the lyrics for this… Read More This song is an instrumental

[Song 89: Sunshine Woman]
7 ContributorsSunshine Woman LyricsI've got a baby y'know
She treats me fine
I've got a little woman wanna give me but her
A-give it all the time (? )
(? ) baby
She's nice and kind to me
A-give me breakfast in the mornin' ya know she
Also makes my tea
Let's go!
She got a little diamond
Shine like gold
Got a mortgage on my body
Got a lien on my soul
When my baby walks ya know
Her front teeth they shine like gold, they do
Well-a ya know she shine like diamond
But she got a mortgage on my soul, hah!
Get up, get up, get up
Hah! alright, yeah, ah
My baby when she walks ya know
Shakes just like a willow tree
Yes, my baby when she walks ya know
Shakes just like a willow tree
She so mean and evil
She makes a monkey outta me
Whoah alright

[Song 90: Money (That’s What I Want)]
3 ContributorsMoney (That’s What I Want) LyricsThe best things in life are free
But you can give then to the birds and bees
I need money (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
Your love give me such a thrill
But your love don't pay my bills
I need money (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
Money don't get everything, it's true
But what it don't get, I can't use
I need money (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
That's what I want (that's what I want)
Money (that's what I want)
Lots of money (that's what I want)
Whole lot of money (that's what I want)
Aha (that's what I want)
Aha ha ha ha ha(that's what I want)
Whoa yeah (that's what I want)
Give me money (that's what I want)
Lots of money (that's what I want)
Always need greens (that's what I want)
That's right baby that's what I need(that's what I want)
Aha ha ha ha ha (that's what I want)
Whoa yeah (that's what I want)
Give me money
Lots of money

[Song 91: Key to the Highway/Trouble in Mind]
9 ContributorsKey to the Highway/Trouble in Mind LyricsAlong with Jennings Farm Blues, this song was originally recorded around the same time as Led Zeppelin III, however was not included on the album and was later released with the remaster of the album in June… Read More 
I got the key to the highway, yeah
Billed out and bound to go
I gotta keep walking this highway
Walking most too slow
I eat my breakfast in California
I eat my dinner in Caroline
Woo, I’m gonna keep on
Keep on walking this highway, yeah
'Til I reach the end of the line
Walk on, yeah

Show the movie, yeah
Lordy mama keeps on shining, shining
And the good, good, good Lord, heavens above
Everybody know, life ain't, ain't worth livin'
If you ain’t with the one you love
So trouble in mind, yeah
Lordy mama I’m blue, yeah
And I won’t, I won’t, I won’t be blue always
Oh yeah, the sun gon' shine
Sun gonna shine in my backdoor
Some on rainy day, oh yeah

[Song 92: Stairway to Heaven (Sunset Sound Mix)]
3 ContributorsStairway to Heaven (Sunset Sound Mix) Lyrics

There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to Heaven
When she gets there she knows if the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for
Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to Heaven
There's a sign on the wall, but she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven

Ooh, it makеs me wonder
Ooh, makes mе wonder

There's a feeling I get when I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking

Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, really makes me wonder

And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter

Oh-oh-oh-oh-woah

If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on

And it makes me wonder
Ohh, woah

Your head is humming, and it won't go, in case you don't know
The piper's calling you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow? And did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind?


And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
When all are one and one is all, yeah
To be a rock and not to roll

And she's buying a stairway to Heaven

[Song 93: Everybody Makes It Through (In the Light) [Rough Mix]]
4 ContributorsEverybody Makes It Through (In the Light)  LyricsSunshine brings laughter
Rainclouds brings me down
I know forever after
I need the light, keep me ground
Whoa mama, I get so lonely
In the rain, feel so blue
I want you to remember, I'm your one and only, woman
Hey baby, hey baby, love you true!
Dream boy, on the river
Oh blue skies, on my mind
Ah the fields, seemed to glitter
I know, I know, will bring you down!
Ah baby, I've got some thinking
Whoa mama, strip my mind
Hey baby, I took a drinking
I know, I know come around!
In the light, in the light
Oh girl, stop your crying
Oh woman, dry your eyes
Whoa tomorrow, the sun will be shining
You won't remember all the tears you cried!
Hey baby, I think you wonder
Hey baby, tears of joy
Woman, tears of laughter
Sweet ma, sweet ma, I'm coming home!
's all you got to do yeah!
With the light
Everybody needs the light
The light
's all you got to do now!
Light, light, light, in the light!
Light, light, light, in the light!

[Song 94: 10 Ribs & All / Carrot Pod Pod (Pod) (Reference Mix)]
2 Contributors10 Ribs & All / Carrot Pod Pod (Pod) (Reference Mix) LyricsThis song is an instrumental

[Song 95: Black Dog (How the West Was Won)]
6 ContributorsBlack Dog (How the West Was Won) Lyrics

Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove
Ah, ah, child, when you shake that thing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting
Ah, ah, child, when you walk that way
Watch your honey drip, I can't keep away

Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh, oh, oh
Oh yeah, oh yeah

I gotta roll, can't stand still
Got a flamin' heart, can't get my fill
Eyes that shine burning red
Dreams of you all through my head
Ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ahhhhhhhh-suck
You got

I've got a girl, wanna love me soul
Wanna love me strong, sweet jelly roll
Spent my money and took my car
Started tellin' her friends she wants to be a star, ah ha
I don't know, but I been to-ooh-old
Big-legged woman ain't got no soul

I could be wrong

Oh yeah

All I ask for, all I pray
Steady rollin' woman gonna come my way
I need a girl to hold my hand
Tell me no lies, make me a happy man
Ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ohhhhhhhh, you

Feels good
It's so good
Good evening
This is a thing called "Over the Hills and Far Away"

[Song 96: Jennings Farm Blues]
3 ContributorsJennings Farm Blues LyricsLike Key to The Highway/Trouble In Mind, this song was originally recorded for Led Zeppelin III but was not included on the album.
In 2014, with the remasters of Led Zeppelin’s first 5 albums being released,… Read More This song is an instrumental

[Song 97: Going to California (How the West Was Won)]
6 ContributorsGoing to California (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
This is going to be "Going To California"

Spend my days with a woman unkind
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine
Made up my mind, make a new start
I'm going to California with an aching in my heart
Someone told me there's a girl out there
With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair, I didn't see too many this time
Took my chances on a big jet plane
Never let 'em tell you that they're all, all the same

Oh, the sea was red, and the sky was grey
I wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today
The mountains and the canyons started to tremble and shake
The children of the sun began to awake, come on, children

It seems that the wrath of the Gods
Got a punch on the nose, and it's startin' to flow
I think I might be sinking, ah ah
Throw me a line, if I reach it in time
I'll see you up there where the path
Runs straight and high, oh-ooooh-ooooh

To find a queen without a king
They say she plays guitar and cries, and she sings Joni
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born
Standing on a hill in a mountain of dreams
Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems, ooh, sure is hard, yeah
Oh, it's hard
Ooh

[Song 98: Kashmir [Celebration Day]]
3 ContributorsKashmir  Lyrics

Oh, let the sun beat down upon my face
With stars to fill my dreams
I am a traveler of both time and space
To be where I have been
Sit with elders of the gentle race
This world has seldom seen
Talk of days for which they sit and wait
All will be revealed

Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace
Whose sounds caress my ear
But not a word I heard could I relate
The story was quite clear
Oh, oh
Oh, oh

Ooh, baby, I been flying
No yeah, mama, there ain't no denying
Oh, ooh, yeah I've been flying
Mama, mama, ain't no denying, no denying

Oh, all I see turns to brown
As the sun burns the ground
And my eyes fill with sand
As I scan this wasted land
Trying to find, trying to find, where I've been

Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace
Like thoughts inside a dream
Here is the path that led me to that place
Yellow desert stream
My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon
I will return again
Sure as the dust that floats high in June
When movin' through Kashmir

Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails
Across the sea of years
With no provision but an open face
Along the straits of fear
Oh, oh
Oh, oh

Ooooh

Oh, when I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah
When I see, when I see the way, you stay-yeah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, but I'm down, so down
Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there
Oh..Come on, oh, let me take you there...let me take you there
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, let me take you there...let me take you there

[Song 99: Dazed and Confused (How the West Was Won)]
5 ContributorsDazed and Confused (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Oooooh, I've been dazed and confused for so long it's not true
I wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Lots of people talkin', few of them know-ooo-ow
Soul of a woman was created below, and I like it
Oh-oooh-oh yeah, ma

Everybody's been talkin', Lord, I swear they been talkin' trash
Ohhhhh sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet babe, I can't take too much of that
Come on, come on, come on, come on, show me the way
Oh, I want to make love to you little girl twenty-five hours a day
Oh, that's all I want

Said you're hard and abused, tellin' all of your lies
Oh, sweet sweet baby, Lord, I said how you hypnotize
Take it easy, baby, let them say what they will
Will your tongue wag so much when I send you the bill?
I
Oh, no, no, no, oh
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, ahh
Naww, yeah-ee-yeah

Oh-oh
Oooooh, ah

Oh
Ah
Oh-na-na-nya-oh
Chun, chun
Ah-na
Ah, na
Bun-buh-buh-buh-buh, bun-bun
Ah-ah-ah
Ah ah ah ah
Ah ah ah ah
Oh
Push, push, push
Ah, sha-o
Ah, nah, nah, nah
Nah-nah-nah
Nah-nah-nah, nah
Nah
Nah
Nah
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

Na, na, na
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na
Na, na, na, na
Do the crunge
Nah nah nah
Ah
Oh-now
Ow
Dow-dow
Now-now
Dow-dow
Dow d-dow
Dow d-d-dow d-d-dow d-d-dow-w
Dow d-d-dow d-d-dow d-d-dow-w
Dow d-d-dow d-d-dow d-d-dow-w
Yee-ah
Yeah
Well, that's right

Everybody's been talkin', Lord, I swear they been talkin' trash
Oh, the way you push me, I can't take too much of that
Come on, come on, come on, show me the way
I wanna make love to you little girl, twenty-five hours a day, and that's all I want

Oh, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow
Yeah, yeah, yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, yeah
Yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah
Y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah, y-yeah
No, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha
Ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ahh
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye
Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yiy, yiy, yiy, yiy, yiy
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ow ow ow ow, be they-yah
Yeah
Oh

[Song 100: Sugar Mama]
2 ContributorsSugar Mama Lyrics
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, where you been?
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, where you been?
Sugar mama, sugar mama
Say you love me, sugar mama and I'll never let you go

Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, know your name
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, drive me insane
Sugar mama
Gonna love you all I can


Say you love me sugar mama
And I'll never let you go
Say you love me sugar mama
And I'll never let you go

[Song 101: No Quarter [Celebration Day]]
3 ContributorsNo Quarter  Lyrics
Close the door, put out the light
You know they won't be home tonight
The snow falls hard and don't you know?
The winds of Thor are blowing cold
They're wearing steel that's bright and true
They carry news that must get through

They choose the path where no-one goes
They hold no quarter
They hold no quarter


Walking side by side with death
The devil mocks their every step, ooh
The snow drives back the foot that's slow
The dogs of doom are howling more
They carry news that must get through
To build a dream for me and you, oh

They choose the path where no-one goes
They hold no quarter
They ask no quarter
They hold no quarter
They ask no quarter
Oh!
The pain, the pain without quarter, oh yeah!
They ask no quarter (without quarter, quarter, quarter)
They give no quarter (giving me, giving me no...)
Oh (The dogs of doom are howling more!)

[Song 102: St. Tristan’s Sword]
3 ContributorsSt. Tristan’s Sword LyricsThis song is an instrumental

[Song 103: What Is and What Should Never Be (How the West Was Won)]
5 ContributorsWhat Is and What Should Never Be (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
And if I say to you tomorrow
Take my hand, child, come with me, yeah
It's to a castle I will take you
Well, what's to be, they say will be

Catch the wind, see us spin
Sail away, leave the day
Way up high in the sky
But the wind won't blow
You really shouldn't go
It only goes to show
That you will be mine
By takin' our time, ahh yeah

And if you say to me tomorrow
Oh, what fun it all would be, yeah
What's to stop us, pretty baby
But what is and what should never be, ahh

Catch the wind, see us spin
Sail away, leave today
Way up high in the sky
But the wind won't blow
You really shouldn't go
It only goes to show
That you will be mine
Oh, by takin' our time, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, baby


And if you wake up with the sunrise
And all your dreams are still as new, yeah
And happiness is what everybody needs so bad
Well, lemme tell ya, the answer lies with you, nobody else

Catch the wind, see us spin
Sail away, leave the day
Way up high in the sky
But the wind won't blow
You really shouldn't go
It only goes to show
That you will be mine
By takin' our time

Well, the wind won't blow, and we really shouldn't go
And it only goes to show, yeah
Ride the wind, we're gonna see it spin
Gonna sh-
Ma-ma do, ma-ma ma doo, go

Everybody I know seems to know me well
But they really didn't know that I fall like hell
Baby baby, just give me the good things, mama love ya
Oh yes, uh-huh
Oh, you just sold out on me
Here's a song off the new album
It's about summer time and good things
It's called "Dancing Days"

[Song 104: The Ocean (How the West Was Won)]
6 ContributorsThe Ocean (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Here's one off the new album, it's called "The Ocean"

Singing in the sunshine, a-laughing in the rain
Rocking in the moonshine, rolling in the grain
Got no time to pack my bags, my foot's outside the door
I got a date, I can't be late for the hell high haillas ball
Ah ah, yeah

Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean's roar
Play for me and play for free, I play a whole lot more
Sing about the good things and the sun that lights the day
And you can sing of the mountains, has the ocean lost its way? I don't know
Ooh, yeah

Na na na-na-na na la, la la la la la la la la
La la la-la-la la la, la la la la la la la la
La la la-la-la la la, la la la la la la la la
La la la-la-la la la, la la la la la la la la

Sitting around singing songs till the night turns into day
Used to sing on the mountains, but the mountains washed away
Now I'm singing all my songs to the girl who won my heart
She is only three years old, it's a real fine way to start
That's a fact, ooh yeah
Sho' fine

I just don't know, oh-oh-oh
I just don't know, oh-oh-oh
Oh, yeah
I just, I just, I just, I don't know
I should-a just, I don't know
Ohh-oh-oh oh
Oh, it's so good
Yeah
I don't know, oh
Oh
Oh-oh
Oh

[Song 105: I Can’t Quit You Baby (23/3/69 Top Gear)]
4 ContributorsI Can’t Quit You Baby (23/3/69 Top Gear) Lyrics
Ohhh, I can't quit you, baby
So I'm gonna put you down for awhile
I said I can't quit you, baby
I guess I'm gonna have to put you down for awhile
Said you messed up my happy home
Made me mistreat my only child

When you hear me moanin' and groanin'
You know it hurts me deep deep down inside
Oh, mow mow mow mow mow mow mow mow mow mow
Oh, it hurts me deep deep down inside
I want you to be my woman, yes
But else I took somebody else to be my bride, ah, yes I did


She's nineteen years old
She's got ways just like a baby child
She's nineteen years old, yeah
Got ways, ways, ways, ways
Just like a baby child, oh yeah
There's nothing I can do to please someone
Treat ya, keep that little girl satisfied, yeah

I'm gonna change my mind
I'm gonna give you the time, yeah
Oh

[Song 106: Let’s Have a Party]
3 ContributorsLet’s Have a Party LyricsSome people like to rock
Some people like to roll
But movin' and-a groovin' gonna
Satisfy my soul
Let's have a party
Let's have a party
Send 'im to the store let's
By some more
Let's have a party tonight
I never kissed a bear
I never kissed a goon
But I can shake a chicken
In the middle of a room
Honky-tonky Joe
Is knockin' at the door
So bring 'im in and fill 'im up
And send 'im ( ? )
We're gonna have
A party
Tonight yeah whoah whoah

[Song 107: The Rain Song (Mix Minus Piano)]
6 ContributorsThe Rain Song (Mix Minus Piano) Lyrics
It is the springtime of my loving
The second season I am to know
You are the sunlight in my growing
So little warmth I've felt before
It isn't hard to feel me glowing
I watched the fire that grew so low, oooh, oh


It is the summer of my smiles
Flee from me, keepers of the gloom
Speak to me only with your eyes
It is to you I give this tune
Ain't so hard to recognize, oh
These things are clear to all from time to time, ooh
Oh, oh

Ah, talk, talk, talk, talk
Hey!
I've felt the coldness of my winter
I never thought it would ever go
I cursed the gloom that set upon us, upon us, upon us
But I know that I love you so, ohhhh, oh
But I know that I love you so

These are the seasons of emotion
And like the wind, they rise and fall
This is the wonder of devotion
I see the torch we all must hold
This is the mystery of the quotient, quotient
Ah, upon us all, upon us all a little rain must fall
Just a little rain, oh yeah
Uhh, ooh, yeah yeah yeah

[Song 108: Stairway to Heaven (How the West Was Won)]
5 ContributorsStairway to Heaven (How the West Was Won) Lyrics

There's a lady who's sure
All that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven
When she gets there she knows
If the stores are all closed
With a word, she can get what she came for
Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven
There's a sign on the wall
But she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook
There's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven, you know
Ah-oh

There's a feeling I get
When I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts I have seen
Rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking, that's you

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah

And it's whispered that soon
If we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn
For those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter, remember laughter?

Ohhh yeah-ee-yeah, yeah-ee-yeah, yeah-ee-yeah, yeah-ee-yeah, yeah-ee-yeah, yeah-ee-yeah
And it makes me wonder, wait a minute

If there's a bustle in your hedgerow
Don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May-Queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by
But in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It really, really, really, really, really makes

Your head is humming, and it won't go
Because you don't know
The piper's calling you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow
And did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind? Oh-oh


And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
There walks a lady we all know, yeah
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last, yeah
When all is one, and one is all, that's what it is
To be a rock and not to roll-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-ooll, yeah

And she's buying a stairway to heaven
Good evening!

[Song 109: If It Keeps On Raining (Rough Mix)]
3 ContributorsIf It Keeps On Raining (Rough Mix) LyricsIf it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
If it keeps on rainin'‚ levee's goin' to break
When the levee breaks I'll have no place to stay
Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
Lord mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
It's got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home
Oh well‚ oh well‚ oh well
Don't it make you feel bad
When you're tryin' to find your way home
You don't know which way to go?
If you're goin' down South
They got no work to do
If you don't know about Chicago
Cryin' won't help you prayin' won't do you no good
Now cryin' won't help you prayin' won't do you no good
When the levee breaks mama you got to move
All last night sat on the levee and moaned
All last night sat on the levee and moaned
Thinkin' 'bout me baby and my happy home
Going to Chicago
Going to Chicago
Sorry but I can't take you
Going down, going down now, going down
Going down now‚ going down
Going down, going down, going down
Going down now‚ going down
Going down now, going down
Going down now, going down
Going d-d-d-d-down
Woo, woo

[Song 110: Somethin’ Else]
3 ContributorsSomethin’ Else LyricsOh, look over there
Here she comes
Here comes that girl again
One that I know since I dont know when
But she dont notice me, when I pass
She goes with all the guys who are out of my class
But that can't stop me from thinkin to myself
Shes sure fine lookin man, shes something else
Hey, look over there
Across the street
Theres a car just right for me
Took on a quality of luxery
But right now I can't afford the gas
I guessthe cars right out of my class
But that can't stop me from thinkin to myself
That cars fine lookin man, it something else
Hey, look-a here
Just wait and see
Im gonna work hard and save my dough
Gonna buy the car
Get me that girl and go ridin around
Well go to the shop a right block down
Ill keep on right on dreamin and thinkin to myself
If it all comes true man, wow, thats something else

Look a-here
Whats all this
Never thought Id do this before
But here I am a-knockin on a door
My cars out front
And its all mine
Justa 41 ford not a 59
Ive got that girl and Im a thinkin to myself
Shes sure fine lookin man, wow, shes something else

[Song 111: Love Me Like a Hurricane]
2 ContributorsLove Me Like a Hurricane LyricsYou know it hurts so much
C'mon and please me
You know I need your tender touch
Love me like a hurricane
And then you start to ( ? )
You tell me that you'll come on over
Then you say you won't
Love me like a hurricane
And then you start to ( ? )
I'll give it to you straight right now
Please
Oh please don't tease me
You know it hurts so much
C'mon and squeeze me
You know I need your tender touch
Tell me that you love me babe
Then you say you don't
You tell me that you'll come on over
Then you say you won't

[Song 112: The Immigrant Song (Alternate Mix)]
2 ContributorsThe Immigrant Song (Alternate Mix) Lyrics
(2, 3, 4)

Ah-ah, ah-ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

The hammer of the gods
Will drive our ships to new land
To fight the horde, and sing and cry
Valhalla, I am coming

On we sweep with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore

Ah-ah, ah-ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

How soft your fields so green
Can whisper tales of gore
Of how we calmed the tides of war
We are your ovеrlords

On we sweep with threshing oar
Our only goal will be thе western shore

So now you'd better stop
And rebuild all your ruins
For peace and trust can win the day
Despite of all your losing

Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh, ooh ooh
Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh, ooh ooh
La, la, la, la.......

[Song 113: Since I’ve Been Loving You (How the West Was Won)]
5 ContributorsSince I’ve Been Loving You (How the West Was Won) Lyrics

Oh-oh
I've been workin' from seven to eleven every night
Lemme tell ya, lemme tell ya, lemme tell ya, it really makes life a drag
I don't think that's right

I've really been the best, the best of fools, yeah
Oh, have mercy, I did what I could, yeah, oh
Oh, I love you, mama, how was I, babe
Oh, I love you
Ohhhhh, little girl, little girl

Baby, since I've been loving you
I'm about to lo-oo-ose my worried mind

Ev'rybody trying to tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me
Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me
That you didn't mean me no good
I said I've tried, oh, ow, ow
I really tried to do the best I could

I've been working from seven, seven, seven, seven
Seven, seven, seven, seven, oh, to eleven every night
It really, it really makes it a drag
Ah-ah, Ah-ah, Ah-ah, ow, I don't think that's right
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, babe-yeah
I'm about to lose my worried mind, only for five minutes


Oooooooooooooooooh, I've been cryin', cryin'-oh
Oh, my tears, they fell like rain, rain
Whoah, somebody hear them calling
Please, please, please, whoa-oh-oh, now listen

Do you remember, mama, when I knocked upon your door?
You had the nerve to tell me you didn't want me no more
I open my front door, I hear my back door slam
I think I got one o' them.....
Oh yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah

I've been working, working, working from seven
Ooooooooh, to eleven every night
Oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh
It just ain't right
So, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, oh
I'm about to lose my worried mind
I can't really lose it, I really don't want to loo-oose it, oh, no no no no

Oh yeah, don't make me, don't make me, don't make me, don't make me lose
Oh, my worried mind
Oh
Thank you
This is called "Stairway to Heaven"

[Song 114: C’mon Everybody]
3 ContributorsC’mon Everybody LyricsWell c'mon everybody and let's get together tonight
I got some money in my jeans and I'm really gonna spend it right
Well been a-doin' my homework all week long
And now the house is empty and my folks have gone
Ooo c'mon everybody
Well my baby's number one but I'm gonna dance with three or four
And the house'll be a-shakin' from the bare feet a-slappin' on the floor
When you hear that music you can't sit still
If your brother won't rock you then your sister will
Ooo c'mon everybody
Well we'll really have a party but we gotta put a guard outside
If the folks come home I'm afraid they're gonna have my hide
They'll be no more movies for a week or two
No more runnin' round with the usual crew
Who cares, c'mon everybody
C'mon everybody

[Song 115: The Hook (All My Love) [Rough Mix]]
1 ContributorThe Hook (All My Love)  Lyrics

Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light
To chase a feather in the wind
Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight
There moves a thread that has no end

For many hours and days that pass ever soon
The tides have caused the flame to dim
At last the arm is straight, the hand to the loom
Is this to end or just begin?

All of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love to you, now
All of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love to you, now

The cup is raised, the toast is made yet again
One voice is clear above the din
Proud Arianne one word, my will to sustain
For me, the cloth once more to spin

Oh, all of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love for you now
All of my love, all of my love, yes
All of my love to you, child


Yours is the cloth, mine is the hand that sews time
His is the force that lies within
Ours is the fire, all the warmth we can find
He is a feather in the wind

Oh, all of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love to you, now
All of my love, oh yes
All of my love to you
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love!
Sometimes, sometimes
Hey hey hey hey, ooooh yeah
It's all all all
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you, now
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you, now
I get a little bit lonely
Just a little, just a little
Just a little bit lonely
Just a little bit lonely

[Song 116: The Girl I Love She Got Long Black Wavy Hair (22/6/69 Tasty Pop Sundae)]
6 ContributorsThe Girl I Love She Got Long Black Wavy Hair (22/6/69 Tasty Pop Sundae) LyricsWhoa, the girl I love, she got long black wavy hair
I do declare!
The girl I love, yeah, she got long black wavy hair
Hell yeah
Her Mother and her Father, Lordy
They sure don't, sure don't allow me there
Well I, I'm goin' back to my baby, Lord I
I swear I wouldn't lie, yeah
I never saw that sweet woman yeah in-a
A-five long years gone by, yeah
Well I'm goin' ho__me, I'm goin' home
'Cause she's a sweet little darlin', ah
I said I been away, ah-far too long
I been away too long
Take it Jimmy!
Well, my baby when...
She shakes just like a willow tree
Yes she does
My baby, when she walks, ya know
She shakes like a willow tree, yeah
Ah-that mean, mistreatin' baby she know she
Harps, harps all over me
Ooh

Yeah!
All right!
Harps over me...

[Song 117: Bron-Y-Aur Stomp (How the West Was Won)]
6 ContributorsBron-Y-Aur Stomp (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Yeah, caught you smiling at me
That's the way it should be
Like a leaf is to a tree, so fine, let's hear it
Yeah, all those good times we had
I sang love songs so glad
Always smiling, never sad, so fine

As we walk down the country lanes
I'll be singing a song, hear me calling your name
Hear the wind within the trees
Telling Mother Nature about you and me

Yeah, if the wind was so right
Or on our way it's darkest night
The road we choose is always right, so fine
Yeah, can your love be so strong
When so many loves go wrong?
Will our love go on and on and on and on and on and on?

As we walk down the country lanes
I'll be singing a song, hear me calling your name
Hear the wind within the trees
Telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me

My my, law-dee-law, come on now, it ain't too far
Tell your friends all around the world
Ain't no companion like a blue-eyed merle
Come on now, well, let me tell ya
What you're missing, missing, 'round these brick walls


Everybody!
Yeah, of one thing I am sure
It's a friendship so pure
Angels singing all around, my dog's so fine
Yeah, ain't but one thing to do
Spend my natural life with you
You're the finest dog I knew, so fine

When you're old, and your eyes are dim
Ain't no old Shep gonna happen again
We'll still go walking down country lanes
I'll sing the same old songs
Hear me callin' your name, Strider!

[Song 118: Black Dog / Bring It On Home]
6 ContributorsBlack Dog / Bring It On Home Lyrics

Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove
Uh-uh child, is that the way you swing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting
Ah ha, child when you walk that way
Watch your honey drip, I can't keep away
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
I gotta roll, can't stand still
Got a flamin' heart, can't get my fill
Eyes that shine, burnin' red
Dreams of you all through my head
Ah ah...  (Ah ha)
Ah ah...  (Ah ha)
Ah ah...  (Ah ha)
Aaahh
Keep up
Keep up


Good evening!

[Song 119: The Battle of Evermore (Mandolin / Guitar Mix from Headley Grange)]
5 ContributorsThe Battle of Evermore (Mandolin / Guitar Mix from Headley Grange) LyricsThis song is an instrumental

[Song 120: Driving Through Kashmir (Kashmir Rough Orchestra Mix)]
4 ContributorsDriving Through Kashmir (Kashmir Rough Orchestra Mix) Lyrics
Oh, let the sun beat down upon my face
With stars to fill my dreams
I am a traveler of both time and space
To be where I have been
Sit with elders of the gentle race
This world has seldom seen
Talk of days for which they sit and wait
All will be revealed

Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace
Whose sounds caress my ear
But not a word I heard could I relate
The story was quite clear
Oh, oh
Oh, oh

Ooh, baby, I been flying
No yeah, mama, there ain't no denying
Oh, oooh,  yeah, I've been flying
Mama, mama, ain't no denying, no denying

All I see turns to brown
As the sun burns the ground
And my eyes fill with sand
As I scan this wasted land
Trying to find, trying to find where I've been

Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace
Like thoughts inside a dream
Here is the path that led me to that place
Yellow desert stream
My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon
I will return again
Sure as the dust that floats high in June
When movin' through Kashmir

Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails
Across the sea of years
With no provision but an open face
Along the straits of fear
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oooh

Oh

Oh, when I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah
When I see, when I see the way you stay-yeah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down, yeah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, oh, yeah-yeah, but I'm down, so down
Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there
Oh oh, come on, come on, oh, let me take you there, let me take you there
Ooh, yeah-yeah, oh, yeah-yeah, let me take you there, let me take you there

[Song 121: Ramble On [Celebration Day]]
4 ContributorsRamble On  Lyrics
The leaves are falling all around, time I was on my way
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay
But now it's time for me to go, the autumn moon lights my way
For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way
Ah, sometimes I grow so tired
But I know I've got one thing I got to do

Ramble on, and now's the time, the time is now
To sing my song, I'm going 'round the world, I gotta find my girl
On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day
Ramble on, gotta find the queen of all my dreams

Got no time to for spreading roots
The time has come to be gone
And though "Our health" we drank a thousand times
It's time to ramble on

Ramble on, and now the time, the time is now
To sing my song, I'm going 'round the world, I gotta find my girl
On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day
I gotta ramble on, I gotta find the queen of all my dreams

I tell you no lie

Mine's a tale that can't be told, my freedom I hold dear
How years ago in days of old, when magic filled the air
'Twas in the darkest depths of Mordor, I met a girl so fair
But Gollum, and the evil one crept up and slipped away with her
Her, her, yeah
Ah, there's nothing I can do now
I guess I'll keep on

Ramblin', I'm gonna shake (Sing my song)
I gotta find my baby
I'm gonna ramble on, sing my song
Gonna work my way, going 'round the world
Baby, baby (Ramble on)
Do do do do do do do do, my baby
I can't stop this feeling in my heart
Every time I think about my baby I think "we gots to part"
Gotta keep on searching for my baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
I gotta keep on searching for my baby
My, my, my, my, my, my, baby
I can't find my bluebird!
I listened to what my bluebird said, but I, I can't find my bluebird!
I keep rambling, baby

[Song 122: White Summer]
1 ContributorWhite Summer LyricsThis song is an instrumental

[Song 123: That’s the Way (How the West Was Won)]
5 ContributorsThat’s the Way (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
I don't know how I'm gonna tell you
I can't play with you no more
I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me
My friend, the boy next door
I can't believe what people sayin'
You're gonna let your hair hang down
I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long
You're in the darkest side of town, whatcha doin, whatcha doin, whatcha doin there, I know?

And when I'm out I see you walking
Why don't your eyes see me?
Could it be you've found another game to play?
What did mama say to me? Oh-oh-oh

That's the way, ohhhh, oh, oh yeah-ee-yeah, oh now
Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma, ma m-m-ma m-m-mama
That's the way it ought to stay, I don't think so
Sho' don't think so
Ohhh oh-oh-oh, ohhh oh-oh-oh, oh, oh oh-oh, whoa

And yesterday I saw you standing by the river
And weren't those tears that filled your eyes?
And all the fish that lay in dirty water dying, dying
Had they got you hypnotized, oh dear?

Yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers
But all that lives is born to die
And so I say to you that nothing really matters, no no
And all you do is stand and cry, I know, I know

That's the way
That's the way it oughta be
Oh, don't you know now?
And when I wake up in the morning, morning, morning, I tell my mama
That's the way it oughta stay, I don't think so, uh uh, oh
Ohhh oh-oh-oh, ohhh oh-oh-oh, oh, ah-ah-ah
Hey, it ain't right, it ain't right, it ain't right, it ain't right, mama, mama
It ain't right, it ain't right, it ain't right, no no no no
Oh, oh
Oh, oh-oh
Oohh

[Song 124: Brandy & Coke (Trampled Under Foot) [Initial / Rough Mix]]
5 ContributorsBrandy & Coke (Trampled Under Foot)  Lyrics
Greasy slicked down
Groovy leather trim
I like the way you hold the road
Mama, it ain't no sin

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Trouble-free transmission
Helps your oils flow
Mama, let me pump your gas
Mama, let me do it all

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Check that heavy metal
Underneath your hood
Baby, I can work all night
Believe I got the perfect tools

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Automobile with comfort
Really built with style
Specialist tradition
Mama, let me feast my eyes

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Factory air-conditioned
Heat begins to rise
Guaranteed to run for hours
Mama, you're the perfect size

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Grooving on the freeway
Gauges all are red
Gun down on my gasoline
Believe I'm gonna crack your head

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout...

I can't stop talking about
I can't stop talking about
Ooh, yeah, yes
Drive on
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes
I'm coming through

Come to me for service
Every hundred miles
Baby, let me check your points
Fix your overdrive

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Fully automatic
Comes in any size
Makes me wonder what I did
Before we synchronized

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout

Feather-light suspension
Konis couldn't hold
I'm so glad I took a look
Inside your showroom doors

Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout love
Talking 'bout
Oh, I can't
Oh, I can't

Oh, I can't stop talking about love
I can't stop talking about love
Oh let me go on down, go on down
Go on down, go on down, go on down, yes
I can't stop talking about
I can't stop talking about love
I can't stop talking about love or my baby
I can't stop talking about love, my baby
My baby, my baby, my baby
Push, push
Push it
Push, push

[Song 125: Everybody Makes It Through (In The Light) [Early Version / In Transit]]
4 ContributorsEverybody Makes It Through (In The Light)  LyricsSunshine brings laughter
Rain clouds brings me down
I know forever after
I need the light, keep me ground
Whoa, mama, I get so lonely
In the rain, feel so blue
I want you to remember, I'm your one and only, woman
Hey baby, hey baby, love you true
Oh oh
Dream boy, on the river
Oh blue skies on my mind
Ah, the fields seemed to glitter
I know, I know, will bring you down
Ah baby, I've got some thinking
Whoa mama, strip my mind
Hey baby, I took a drinking
I know, I know come around
Oh oh
In the light, in the light
Ooh, yeah yeah
Oh girl, stop your crying
Oh woman, dry your eyes
Whoa tomorrow, the sun will be shining
You won't remember all the tears you cried

Hey baby, I think you wonder
Hey baby, tears of joy
Woman, tears of laughter
Sweet ma, sweet ma, I'm coming home, oh oh
'S all you got to do yeah
With the light
Everybody needs the light
The light
'S all you got to do now
Light, light, light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light
Oh

[Song 126: Dazed and Confused (23/3/69 Top Gear)]
4 ContributorsDazed and Confused (23/3/69 Top Gear) Lyrics
Dazed and confused for so long it's not true
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Sweet little baby, say what you will
Tongue wag so much when I send you the bill

You hurt and abused, tellin' all of your lies
Run 'round sweet baby, Lord, how you hypnotize
Tryin' to love you, baby, but you go on hurtin' so
Soul of a woman was created below

Every day I work so hard, bringin' home my hard-earned pay
Sweet little baby baby, then you take it away
I wanna love you baby, but you do me so bad
The worst little woman I once ever had, I've got to quit you baby
Ma ma, yeah
Ma ma ma
Oh
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Oh
Oh
Hey
Yeah

I've been dazed and confused for so long it's not true
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Sweet little woman, say what you will
Tongue wag so much when you end up in hell
It's gonna burn burn
Ma ma ma
Ma ma ma ma
Ma ma ma ma
Ma ma ma
Oh oh
Oh oh
Oh oh
Oh oh
Oh oh
Oh oh
Oh oh

[Song 127: Whole Lotta Love (Medley) [1/4/71 Paris Theatre]]
4 ContributorsWhole Lotta Love (Medley)  LyricsYou need coolin', baby, I ain't foolin'
I'm gonna send ya back t' schoolin'
Way down inside, woman you need love
Gonna give you my love, gonna give you my love, oh
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
You've been yearnin', baby I've been learnin' learnin'
Only on the good times I've been deservin'
Way way down inside, woman, you need love
I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you my love, oh
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Everybody
Oh oh oh oh oh, ah ah, oh, ah ah ah
Ah
Oh well, oh well, oh well
Oh

Been learnin', baby, I've been yearnin'
Only on the good times, honey, I've been misservin'
Way way down inside, woman, you need love
I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you my love, oh
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
Wanna whole lotta love
One night, one night I was layin' down, oh Lord
Could hear my mama an' papa talkin' an' all
I hear them say, you gotta let that boy boogie woogie
'Cause it's in him, it's got to come out
It felt so good
I think I've been boogin' just the same, yes, I have, whoa yeah
Well, mama's been talkin', papa did too
Way that you move, 't's too good for you
Gotta boogie mama, whoa-ooh-oh-ooh
A-boogie, mama
Boogie all night long
I told my baby late last night
The way that you move, can't sing it right, oh
Hey, oh
They were boogin' all night long

Ooh, yeah
Ah ah, yeah
Oh
I believe my mind's gone
Believe I'm fixin' to die
I've been in my mind, y'all
Believe I'm fixin' to die
Said I don't mind, darlin'
But I came to see my children cry
Said my baby, oh, let me outta there
Oh, take me, baby baby baby
All right, baby, little girl
If you can roll it, keep on goin' till I'm deal
Ooh, yeah
That's all right, mama
That's all right for you
That's all right, mama
Any way will set for you
Well, that's all right
Well, that's all right
Well, that's all right
Mama mama, any way you do
I took that ...
That meant twenty-one
C'mon baby
We're gonna have some fun
But, that's all right
But, that's all right
But, that's all right
Ma ma ma, any way you do, ah babe

I'm teasin', teasin', teasin'
Teasin', teasin', teasin'
Teasin', teasin', teasin'
Well, he's a-wrong
Well, he's a-wrong
Well, that's all wrong, ma ma ma ma
Any way you do
Yes, that's all right, ma ma
Any way you do
I just got your letter baby
Too bad you can't come home
I swear I'm goin' crazy
Sittin' here all alone
Since you're gone
I got a mess of blues
I ain't slept a week since Sunday
I can't eat a thing all day
A-every day is just blue Monday
Since you've been away
Since you're gone, ah gone
I got a mess of blues
Whoops, there goes a teardrop
Rollin' down my face
If you cry when you're in love
Baby, it ain't no disgrace
I gotta get myself together
Before I lose my mind
I'm gonna catch the next train goin'
And leave my blues behind
Since you're gone, gone, gone
I got a mess of blues, yeah
Since you're gone
I got a mess of blues
Oh baby, since you're gone-one
I got a mess of blues
Said I hear what I'm saying
Way down inside, you really need
Oh
Shake for me girl
I wanna be your back door man
My baby
Oh yeah
Keep a-coolin, baby
Keep a-coolin, baby
Keep a-coolin, baby
Keep a-coolin, baby
Ah ah
Ah ah

[Song 128: Heartbreaker (How the West Was Won)]
4 ContributorsHeartbreaker (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Hey, fellas, have you heard the news?
You know that Annie's back in town
It won't take long, just watch an' see
How the fellas lay their money down

Her style is new, but the face is same
As it was so long ago
But from her eyes, a different smile
Like that of one who knows

Ooh, yeah, it's been ten years and maybe more
Since I first set eyes on you
The best years of my life gone by
Here I am, alone and blue

Some people cry, and some people die
By the wicked ways of love
I just keep on rollin' along
With the grace of the Lord above

People talkin' all around
'Bout the way you left me flat
I don't care what the people say
I know where their jive is at

One thing I do have on my mind
If you can clarify, please do
It's the way you call me another guy's name, name, name, name, name, awww yee-ahhh

Ooooh yeahhh


Ohhhhh, work so hard I couldn't unwind
Get some money saved
Abuse my love a thousand times
However hard I tried

Heartbreaker, your time has come
Can't take your evil way
Go away, heartbreaker
Heartbreaker
Heartbreaker
Heart

[Song 129: Bring It On Home (How the West Was Won)]
5 ContributorsBring It On Home (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Ba-by, whoa-mm, ba-by
Gonna bring it on home to you
I've bought my ticket, I've got that load
Up, we're goin' higher, all aboard
Take my seat, a-right way back, Lord
A-watch this train goin' down the track
Gonna bring it on home
Bring it on home to you

A-try to tell you, baby
What you tryin' to do?
Try to love me, baby
Love some other man too
Bring it on home, bring it on home

Sweetest little baby daddy ever saw
I'm gonna give you lovin', baby
I'm gonna give you more
Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it on home, bring it on home, babe

A-try to tell you, baby
I don't mean no offense
I bet you love me, baby
I'm gonna get some spirits
Bring it on home, a-bring it on home
Gonna bring it home, a-bring it on home

Went 'n a little walk downtown
Missed 'n got back late
A-found a note there waiting
An' it said, Robert, I just can't wait
Bring it on home, a-bring it on home
A-bring it on home, A-bring it back home to me, babe


A-try to tell you, baby
I don't mean no offense
A-now you got me, baby
Robert gets his best
Bring it on home, a-bring it on home

I went 'n a little walk downtown
Missed 'n got back late
A-found a note there waiting
It said, daddy, I just can't wait
Bring it on home, a-bring it on home
Bring it on home, A-bring it on home, babe
I'm gonna bring it on home, bring it on home to you
Do it, children, hey

Oh, see ya

[Song 130: Stand By Me]
3 ContributorsStand By Me LyricsWhen the night has come
And the land is dark
And the moon is the only light we'll see
No, I won't be afraid
No, I won't be afraid
Just as long as you stand
Stand by me
So darling, darling
Stand by me
Oh, stand by me
Oh, stand
Stand by me
Stand by me
If the sky that we look upon
Should tumble and fall
Or the mountains should crumble in the sea
I won't be afraid
I won't be afraid
Just as long as you stand
Stand by me
So darling, darling
Stand by me
Oh, stand by me
Oh, stand
Stand by me
Stand by me
Etc....

[Song 131: Desire (The Wanton Song) [Rough Mix]]
4 ContributorsDesire (The Wanton Song)  LyricsSilent woman in the night, you came
Took my seed from my shaking frame
Same old fire, another flame
And the wheel rolls on
Silent woman through the flames, you come
From the deep behind the sun
(?)
Left me barely holding on
With blazing eyes, you see my trembling hand
When we know the time has come
Lose my senses, lose command
Feel your healing rivers run
Is it every time I fall, I think this is the one
In the darkness can you hear me call
Another day has just begun
Another day
Silent woman, my face is changed
Some know in ways to come
Feel my fire needs a brand new flame
And the wheel rolls on
Rolls on
Rolls on
Rolls on...

[Song 132: Heartbreaker (The Song Remains the Same)]
6 ContributorsHeartbreaker (The Song Remains the Same) LyricsHey, fellas, have ya heard the news?
Ya know that Annie's back in town
It won't take long, just watch and see
All the fellas lay their money down
Her style is new, but the face is the same as it was so long ago
B' from her eyes, a different smile like that of one who knows
It's been ten years or maybe more
Since I first set eyes on you
The best years of my life gone by, here I am alone and blue
Some people cry and some people die by the wicked ways of love
But I'll just keep on rollin' along
With the grace from the Lord above
People talkin' all around 'bout the way you left me flat
I don't care what the people say, I know where their jive is at
A-one thing I do have on my mind
If you could clarify, please do
It's the way you call me another guy's name
When I try to make love, I got to make love
I really need to make love
Ooh, yes, every night, every night
Give it to me, c'mon

Ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah

[Song 133: Train Kept a Rollin’]
4 ContributorsTrain Kept a Rollin’ LyricsAboard a train
I met a dame
She was a hipster
Man a real gone dame
She wasn't pretty
For New York City
As we strut down on that ol' fairlane
With a heave and a ho
I just couldn't let her go
Get along
Sweet little woman get along
On your way
Get along
Sweet little woman get along
On your way
With a heave and a ho
I just couldn't let her go
The train kept a rollin' all night long
The train kept a rollin' all night long
The train kept a rollin' all night long
The train kept a rollin' all night long
With a heave and a ho
I just couldn't let her go
I made a stop round Albuquerque
She must'a thought I was real gone jerk
Got off the train at El Paso
A' looking so good I couldn't let her go
With a heave and a ho
I just couldn't let her go
The train kept a rollin' all night long
The train kept a rollin' all night long
The train kept a rollin' all night long
The train kept a rollin' all night long
With a heave and a ho
I just couldn't let her go

[Song 134: How Many More Times (10/8/69 Playhouse Theatre)]
6 ContributorsHow Many More Times (10/8/69 Playhouse Theatre) LyricsMa ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Ha ha
Why'd you change that there
Leave you baby, ah
I can't stop this feeling
How many more times
Treat me the way you wanna do
How many more times
Treat me the way you wanna do
I can't be with you baby
Please, please, Lord, be true
I'll give you all I've got to give
Rings, rings, ring-ring rings, pearls pearls pearls and all
I'll give you all I've got to give
Rings, pearls, rings, pearls and all
I've got to get you together, baby
I'm sure, sure, sure, sure, yeah
You're gonna fall, all right
Try to love another man
My little schoolgirl
Sure sure sure sure
I ain't gonna say her name


Oh Rosie
My girl
Oh Rosie babe
My girl
I bring you diamonds and I
I bring you pearls
Never gonna leave my little
Rosie girl
I'll give you everything that I've ever
Got to give
I'll give you everything that I've ever, ever
Got to give
Don't you leave me, Rosie baby
Don't keep it here
Don't you leave me
Come on, get undid
It's all right, it's all right
It's all right, it's all right
It's all right, it's all right
It's all right, it's okay
I don't know what I am saying
But I'm having a good time
They call me the hunter
Baby, baby, that's my name
They call me the hunter
That's how I got my way
Ain't no need to hide, uh huh
Ain't no need to run
'Cause I've got
You
In
The
Sight
Sight

But let me tell you
Squeeze my lemon
Until the juice runs down my leg
Can just have, uh huh
Squeeze my lemon
Till the juice runs down my leg
If you don't squeeze me the way I want you to baby, uh huh
I swear I'm gonna kick you out of bed
But I've got you in the sights of my lovin', lovin', lovin', lovin', lovin', lovin' gun
I'll just take it away from ya
How many more times
Treat me the way you wanna do
Oh child
Treat me the way you wanna do
I'll be with you, babe
Baby baby baby, please be true
I'm talkin' to ya, babe
I said I'm not kidding

Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah

[Song 135: LA Drone]
5 ContributorsLA Drone LyricsThis song is an instrumental

[Song 136: Rock and Roll (Sunset Sound Mix)]
4 ContributorsRock and Roll (Sunset Sound Mix) Lyrics
It's been a long time since I rock and rolled
It's been a long time since I did the Stroll
Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back
Let me get it back, baby, where I come from

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Yes, it has

It's been a long time since The Book of Love
I can't count the tears of a life with no love
Carry me back, carry me back
Carry me back, baby, where I come from

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time

Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight
Making vows that just can't work right
Open your arms, opens your arms
Open your arms, baby, let my love come running in

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time

[Song 137: Going to California (1/4/71 Paris Theatre)]
5 ContributorsGoing to California (1/4/71 Paris Theatre) LyricsSpend my days with a woman unkind
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine
Made up my mind, make a new start
Going to California with an aching in my heart
Someone told me there's a girl out there
With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair
Took my chances on a big jet plane
Never let 'em tell you that they're all all the same
The sea was red and the sky was grey
I wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today
Hills and the canyons start tremble and shake
As the children of the sun began to awake, watch out
Seems that the wrath of the Gods
Got a punch on the nose and it started to flow
I think I might be sinking
Throw me a line if I reach it in time
I'll meet you up there where the path
Runs straight and high
To find a queen without a king
They say she plays guitar and cries and sings, la la la
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born
Standing on a hill in a mountain of dreams
Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems, it's hard

[Song 138: Over the Hills and Far Away (How the West Was Won)]
3 ContributorsOver the Hills and Far Away (How the West Was Won) LyricsOh, darlin', you got the love I need
Baby, more than enough
Oh, darling, darling, darling
Walk a while with me
Ohh, you've got so much, so much, oh so much
Many times I've loved, and many times been bitten
Many times I've gazed along the open road
Many times I've lied, and many times I've listened
Many times I've wondered how much there is to know
Many dreams come true, and some have silver linings
I live for my dream and a pocket full of gold
Acapulco gold, ooo, acapulco gold

Rock on
Rock it, rock it
Mellow is the man who knows what he's been missing
Many, many mеn can't see the open road
I can't
Many is a word that always leavеs you guessing
Guessing 'bout a thing you really ought to know
You really ought to know, oh
You really ought to know, oh ooooh yeah

Ooooooo

[Song 139: School Days]
2 ContributorsSchool Days LyricsUp in the mornin' and out to school
The teacher is teachin' the Golden Rule
American history and practical math
You studyin' hard and hopin' to pass
Workin' your fingers right down to the bone
And the guy behind you won't leave you alone
Ring, ring goes the bell
The cook in the lunch room's ready to sell
You're lucky if you can find a seat
You're fortunate if you have time to eat
Back in the classroom, open your books
Keep up the teacher don't know how mean she looks
Soon as three o'clock rolls around
You finally lay your burden down
Close up your books, get out of your seat
Down the halls and into the street
Up to the corner and 'round the bend
Right to the juke joint, you go in
Drop the coin right into the slot
You're gotta hear somethin' that's really hot
With the one you love, you're makin' romance
All day long you been wantin' to dance
Feeling the music from head to toe
Round and round and round we go
Hail, hail rock and roll
Deliver me from the days of old
Long live rock and roll
The beat of the drums, loud and bold
Rock, rock, rock and roll
The feelin' is there, body and soul

[Song 140: Moby Dick (How the West Was Won)]
4 ContributorsMoby Dick (How the West Was Won) Lyrics

- John Bonham! John Bonham!

[Song 141: I Gotta Move]
2 ContributorsI Gotta Move Lyrics
I told you, baby
Long time ago
I don't want no woman
Baby, mess around my door

I gotta move
Baby, baby, baby, I've got to move
I don't want you messin' woman
I don't want your foolin' round with me

Hey
I told you, baby
Once upon a time
You would be my woman
Said oh, you'll be mine
But that is alright
That's alright, alright
Whoa, that is alright, baby
Treat me wrong tonight

Whoa, don't want you, baby
Always foolin' round with me
Oh no, no, no, no
I don't want my baby
Always foolin' round with me
She tries to make me leave her
Always get away from me

[Song 142: In My Time of Dying [Celebration Day]]
3 ContributorsIn My Time of Dying  LyricsIn my time of dying, want nobody to mourn
All I want for you to do is take my body home
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Jesus gotta make out, sure know
Jesus gonna make out
Jesus gonna make it my dyin' bed
Meet me, Jesus, meet me
Ooh, meet me in the middle of the air
If my wings should fail me, Lord
Please meet me with another pair
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Oh-whoa, well, well, well, so I can die easy
Jesus gonna make out
Somebody, somebody, oh, oh
Jesus gonna make out
Jesus gonna make it my dyin' bed
Oh, Saint Peter at the gates of Heaven, won't you let me in?
I never did no wrong, I never did no wrong
Uh, oh, Gabriel, let me blow your horn, let me blow your horn
Oh, never did no wrong, did no wrong
I've only been beyond once
I never thought I'd do anybody no wrong, no, no one, sir
Aww, good

Oh, I did s-somebody some good
Somebody some good, yes, oh
Oh, did somebody some good, yeah
I musta did somebody some good, yeah
Oh, I believe I did
I see the smilin' faces
I know there must be lipstick traces, oh
Ah
And I see them in the streets
And I see them in the field, yeah
And I hear them under my feet
And I know it's got to be real
Oh, Lord, deliver me
All the wrong I've done
Ooh, you can deliver me, Lord
I only wanted to have some fun
Oh, hear the angels marching, they're marching
Hear them marching, hear them marching, they're marching
Oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus
Oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus
Oh, my Jesus, oh my Je-ah-oh
Now my Je, hey, yeah, it's gotta be my Jesus, whoa-whoa
It's gotta be, it's gotta be my Jesus
It's gotta be, oh
It's gotta be my Jesus
Oh, a-take me home

Come on, come on, I can hear the angels singing
Oh, here they come, here they come, here they come
'Bye-'bye, 'bye-'bye, 'bye-'bye, 'bye-'bye, 'bye-'bye
Oh, it feels pretty good up here, pretty good up here
Oh Georgina, Oh Georgina, Oh Georgina
Oh Georgina, Oh Georgina
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oww yeah, ooh, it's real good
Come on, take it, take it, take it, take, take
Take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, ooh yes, c'mon, uh
Oh, yeah
Oh, don'tcha make it, my dyin', dyin', dyin'... cough

[Song 143: Around and Around]
2 ContributorsAround and Around LyricsAround and around
I say the joint was rockin'
A goin' 'round and round
Yeah reelin' and a rockin' what a crazy sound
Well they never stopped rockin' till the moon went down
Twelve o'clock
Well the place as packed
Front doors was locked
Well the place was packed
When the police knocked
Both doors flew back
But they kept on rocking
Rockin' Going 'Round and around
Yeah reelin' and a rockin' what a crazy sound
A well they never stopped rockin' till the moon went down
Oh it sounds so sweet I gotta take me a chance
Rose out of my seat I just had to dance
Started movin' my feet well a clappin' my hands
Well the joint started
Rockin' Going 'Round and around
Yeah reelin' and a rockin' what a crazy sound
A well they never stopped rockin' till the moon went down
Twelve o'clock
Well the place as packed
Oh twelve o'clock
Well the place was packed
When the police knocked
Ouh Both doors flew back
Mama they kept on rocking
Rockin' Going 'Round and around
Yeah reelin' and a rockin' what a crazy sound
They never stopped never stopped never stopped never stopped never stopped
Rockin' till the moon went down
( Repeat 'til the end )

[Song 144: Rock and Roll (How the West Was Won)]
6 ContributorsRock and Roll (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Ah, it's been a long time since I rock and rolled
It's been a long time since I did the stroll
Let me get it back, let me get it back
Let me get it back, baby, where I come from, whoa-ooh-oh-ooh-oh

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time

It's been a long time since I walked in the moonlight
Making vows that just can't work right
Open your arms, open your arms
Open your arms, baby, let my love come running in

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time, yes, it has
Rock on!

Yeah!

It's been a long time since the book of love
I can't count the tears of a life with no loo-ooo-ove
Carry me back, carry me back
Carry me back, baby, where I come from

It's been a long time, been a long time
It's been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Ooh yeah, ooh-ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh-ooh yeah
Ooh yeah, ooh-ooh yeah, oh
Ooh-hoo, ooh-ooh-hoo, ooh-hoo, ooh-ooh-hoo

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Oh yeah
Here's one off the new album
It's called "The Ocean"

[Song 145: Bring It On Home (Rough Mix)]
3 ContributorsBring It On Home (Rough Mix) Lyrics
All you pretty women
Sittin' out all night long
I gotta tell you baby
You gonna seduce me all night long

Bring it on home
Bring it on home
Bring it on home

Keep on messin' me, baby
Keep messin' me around
You come home with the mornin' sun
Boogie all night long

Bring it on home
Bring it on home
Ooh, bring it on home
Alright!

I don't care sweet baby
What your money's sayin'
I'm gonna give you sweet lovin' cry
You're gonna boogie night and day

Bring it on home
Bring it on home
Bring it on home

Bring it on home
Home, home, home
Home, home, ooh yeah
You got it, you got it

[Song 146: Communication Breakdown (22/6/69 Pop Sundae)]
5 ContributorsCommunication Breakdown (22/6/69 Pop Sundae) Lyrics
Hey girl, a-stop what you're doin'
Hey girl, you'll drive me to ruin
I don't know what it is that I like about you that I like so much
Won't you let me hold you, let me feel you lovin' charms

Communication breakdown
It's always the same
Having a nervous breakdown
Drive me insane, oh

Hey girl, I got something you ought to know
I wanna tell you baby, I wanna tell you that I love you so
I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah
Oh, I'll let you go
'Cause I like your charms

Communication breakdown
It's always the same
Having a nervous breakdown
Drive me insane

Oh, ma ma ma babe

Communication breakdown
It's always the same
Having a nervous breakdown
Drive me insane

Do do do do do
It's all right, it's all right
It's all right, it's all good
I don't know much, just a little bit
I can't take all of it, babe, I just wanna do it
Give it to a-give it to me
Squeeze my lemon, just a little bit
Squeeze my lemon, just a little bit
Oh yeah
I don't want
I don't want no communication breakdown
Oh oh, yeah
Oh, my my babe
Come on
I can't stop it

[Song 147: Misty Mountain Hop [Celebration Day]]
3 ContributorsMisty Mountain Hop  Lyrics
Walking in the park just the other day, baby
What do you, what do you think I saw?
Crowds of people sitting on the grass with flowers in their hair said
Hey, boy, do you wanna score?
And you know how it is?
I really don't know what time it was
Woah, oh, oh
So I asked them if I could stay a while

I didn’t notice but it had got very dark and I was really
Really out of my mind
Just then a policeman stepped up to me
And asked us said please, hey, would we care
To all get in line, get in line
Well, you know, they asked us to stay for tea and have some fun
Oh, oh, oh
He said that his friends would all drop by, ooh

Why don't you take a good look at yourself
And describe what you see?
And baby, baby, baby, do you like it?
There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rusting
Ah! Not trying to fight it
You really don't care if they’re coming?
Oh, oh, oh
I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh (No, no, no!)


If you go down in the streets
Today, baby you better
You better open your eyes
Folk down there really don't care
Really don't care, don't care, really don't
Which, which way the pressure lies
So I've decided what I'm going to do now
So I’m packing my bags for the Misty Mountains
Where the spirits go now
Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh

I really don’t know, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I really don't know, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I really don’t know

[Song 148: Somethin’ Else (22/6/69 Tasty Pop Sundae)]
4 ContributorsSomethin’ Else (22/6/69 Tasty Pop Sundae) LyricsOh, look over there
Here she comes
Here comes that girl again
One that I know since I don't know when
But she don't notice me, when I pass
She goes with all the guys who are out of my class
But that can't stop me from thinkin' to myself
She's sure fine lookin' man, she's something else
Hey, look over there
Across the street
There's a car just right for me
Took on a quality of luxery
But right now I can't afford the gas
I guess the cars right out of my class
But that can't stop me from thinkin' to myself
That cars fine lookin' man, it something else
Hey, look-a here
Just wait and see
I'm gonna work hard and save my dough
Gonna buy the car
Get me that girl and go ridin' around
Well go to the shop a right block down
Ill keep on right on dreamin' and thinkin' to myself
If it all comes true man, wow, that's something else

Look a-here
What's all this
Never thought Id do this before
But here I am a-knockin' on a door
My cars out front
And it's all mine
Justa 41 ford not a 59
I've got that girl and I'm a thinkin' to myself
She's sure fine lookin' man, wow, she's something else

[Song 149: Dancing Days (How the West Was Won)]
7 ContributorsDancing Days (How the West Was Won) Lyrics
Dancing days are here again
As the summer evenings grow
I got my flower, I got my power
I got a woman who knows

You know it's all right
I said it's all right
You know it's all in my heart
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start?

Now crazy ways are evident
By the way you're wearin' your clothes
Sippin' booze is precedent
As the evening starts to glow

I said it's all right
You know it's all right
I said it's all in my heart, yeah
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start? Ha!

I told your mam'er I'd get you home
But I didn't tell her I had no car
I saw a lion, he was standing alone
With a tadpole in a jar

Ohhh, you know it's all right
I said it's all right
I said it's all in my heart, ohhh
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start?

So, dancing days are here again
As the evening starts to glow
I've got my flower, I've got my power
You are my woman who knows

I said it's all right
You know it's all right
You know it's all in my, all in my, all in my
You'll be my only, my one and only
Is that the way it should start?
Hey, isn't it?

Hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it
On the drum and movin'

Thank you very much
John Henry Bonham - "Moby Dick"

[Song 150: Jennings Farm Blues (Rough Mix)]
2 ContributorsJennings Farm Blues (Rough Mix) LyricsThis song is an instrumental